title,genre,rating,summary
Pride and Prejudice,romance,2,"Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780679783268Since its immediate success in 1813, Pride and Prejudice has remained one of the most popular novels in the English language. Jane Austen called this brilliant work her own darling child and its vivacious heroine, Elizabeth Bennet, as delightful a creature as ever appeared in print. The romantic clash between the opinionated Elizabeth and her proud beau, Mr. Darcy, is a splendid performance of civilized sparring. And Jane Austen's radiant wit sparkles as her characters dance a delicate quadrille of flirtation and intrigue, making this book the most superb comedy of manners of Regency England. (less)"
The Fault in Our Stars,romance,1,"Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love. (less)"
Twilight,romance,4,"About three things I was absolutely positive.First, Edward was a vampire.Second, there was a part of himand I didn't know how dominant that part might bethat thirsted for my blood.And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him.Deeply seductive and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilight is a love story with bite. (less)"
The Hating Game,romance,4,"Nemesis (n.)1) An opponent or rival whom a person cannot best or overcome2) A persons undoing3) Joshua Templeman.Lucy Hutton and Joshua Templeman hate each other. Not dislike. Not begrudgingly tolerate. Hate. And they have no problem displaying their feelings through a series of ritualistic passive aggressive maneuvers as they sit across from each other, executive assistants to co-CEOs of a publishing company. Lucy cant understand Joshuas joyless, uptight, meticulous approach to his job. Joshua is clearly baffled by Lucys overly bright clothes, quirkiness, and Pollyanna attitude.Now up for the same promotion, their battle of wills has come to a head and Lucy refuses to back down when their latest game could cost her her dream jobBut the tension between Lucy and Joshua has also reached its boiling point, and Lucy is discovering that maybe she doesnt hate Joshua. And maybe, he doesnt hate her either. Or maybe this is just another game. (less)"
Beach Read,romance,3,"A romance writer who no longer believes in love and a literary writer stuck in a rut engage in a summer-long challenge that may just upend everything they believe about happily ever afters.Augustus Everett is an acclaimed author of literary fiction. January Andrews writes bestselling romance. When she pens a happily ever after, he kills off his entire cast.Theyre polar opposites.In fact, the only thing they have in common is that for the next three months, they're living in neighboring beach houses, broke, and bogged down with writer's block.Until, one hazy evening, one thing leads to another and they strike a deal designed to force them out of their creative ruts Augustus will spend the summer writing something happy, and January will pen the next Great American Novel. Shell take him on field trips worthy of any rom-com montage, and hell take her to interview surviving members of a backwoods death cult (obviously). Everyone will finish a book and no one will fall in love. Really. (less)"
The Kiss Quotient,romance,4,"A heartwarming and refreshing debut novel that proves one thing there's not enough data in the world to predict what will make your heart tick.Stella Lane thinks math is the only thing that unites the universe. She comes up with algorithms to predict customer purchasesa job that has given her more money than she knows what to do with, and way less experience in the dating department than the average thirty-year-old.It doesn't help that Stella has Asperger's and French kissing reminds her of a shark getting its teeth cleaned by pilot fish. Her conclusion she needs lots of practicewith a professional. Which is why she hires escort Michael Phan. The Vietnamese and Swedish stunner can't afford to turn down Stella's offer, and agrees to help her check off all the boxes on her lesson planfrom foreplay to more-than-missionary position...Before long, Stella not only learns to appreciate his kisses, but to crave all the other things he's making her feel. Soon, their no-nonsense partnership starts making a strange kind of sense. And the pattern that emerges will convince Stella that love is the best kind of logic... (less)"
"Red, White & Royal Blue",romance,2,"Original cover edition of ASIN B07J4LPZRN here.First Son Alex Claremont-Diaz is the closest thing to a prince this side of the Atlantic. With his intrepid sister and the Veeps genius granddaughter, theyre the White House Trio, a beautiful millennial marketing strategy for his mother, President Ellen Claremont. International socialite duties do have downsidesnamely, when photos of a confrontation with his longtime nemesis Prince Henry at a royal wedding leak to the tabloids and threaten AmericanBritish relations. The plan for damage control staging a fake friendship between the First Son and the Prince.As President Claremont kicks off her reelection bid, Alex finds himself hurtling into a secret relationship with Henry that could derail the campaign and upend two nations. What is worth the sacrifice How do you do all the good you can do And, most importantly, how will history remember you (less)"
The Love Hypothesis,romance,3,"As a third-year Ph.D. candidate, Olive Smith doesn't believe in lasting romantic relationships--but her best friend does, and that's what got her into this situation. Convincing Anh that Olive is dating and well on her way to a happily ever after was always going to take more than hand-wavy Jedi mind tricks Scientists require proof. So, like any self-respecting biologist, Olive panics and kisses the first man she sees.That man is none other than Adam Carlsen, a young hotshot professor--and well-known ass. Which is why Olive is positively floored when Stanford's reigning lab tyrant agrees to keep her charade a secret and be her fake boyfriend. But when a big science conference goes haywire, putting Olive's career on the Bunsen burner, Adam surprises her again with his unyielding support and even more unyielding... six-pack abs.Suddenly their little experiment feels dangerously close to combustion. And Olive discovers that the only thing more complicated than a hypothesis on love is putting her own heart under the microscope. (less)"
It Ends with Us,romance,3,"Sometimes it is the one who loves you who hurts you the most.Lily hasnt always had it easy, but thats never stopped her from working hard for the life she wants. Shes come a long way from the small town in Maine where she grew up  she graduated from college, moved to Boston, and started her own business. So when she feels a spark with a gorgeous neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid, everything in Lilys life suddenly seems almost too good to be true.Ryle is assertive, stubborn, maybe even a little arrogant. Hes also sensitive, brilliant, and has a total soft spot for Lily. And the way he looks in scrubs certainly doesnt hurt. Lily cant get him out of her head. But Ryles complete aversion to relationships is disturbing. Even as Lily finds herself becoming the exception to his no dating rule, she cant help but wonder what made him that way in the first place.As questions about her new relationship overwhelm her, so do thoughts of Atlas Corrigan  her first love and a link to the past she left behind. He was her kindred spirit, her protector. When Atlas suddenly reappears, everything Lily has built with Ryle is threatened. (less)"
The Unhoneymooners,romance,4,"Olive is always unlucky in her career, in love, inwell, everything. Her identical twin sister Ami, on the other hand, is probably the luckiest person in the world. Her meet-cute with her fianc is something out of a romantic comedy (gag) and shes managed to finance her entire wedding by winning a series of Internet contests (double gag). Worst of all, shes forcing Olive to spend the day with her sworn enemy, Ethan, who just happens to be the best man.Olive braces herself to get through 24 hours of wedding hell before she can return to her comfortable, unlucky life. But when the entire wedding party gets food poisoning from eating bad shellfish, the only people who arent affected are Olive and Ethan. And now theres an all-expenses-paid honeymoon in Hawaii up for grabs.Putting their mutual hatred aside for the sake of a free vacation, Olive and Ethan head for paradise, determined to avoid each other at all costs. But when Olive runs into her future boss, the little white lie she tells him is suddenly at risk to become a whole lot bigger. She and Ethan now have to pretend to be loving newlyweds, and her luck seems worse than ever. But the weird thing is that she doesnt mind playing pretend. In fact, she feels kind of... lucky.Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9781501128035. (less)"
People We Meet on Vacation,romance,4,"Two best friends. Ten summer trips. One last chance to fall in love.Poppy and Alex. Alex and Poppy. They have nothing in common. Shes a wild child he wears khakis. She has insatiable wanderlust he prefers to stay home with a book. And somehow, ever since a fateful car share home from college many years ago, they are the very best of friends. For most of the year they live far apartshes in New York City, and hes in their small hometownbut every summer, for a decade, they have taken one glorious week of vacation together.Until two years ago, when they ruined everything. They havent spoken since.Poppy has everything she should want, but shes stuck in a rut. When someone asks when she was last truly happy, she knows, without a doubt, it was on that ill-fated, final trip with Alex. And so, she decides to convince her best friend to take one more vacation togetherlay everything on the table, make it all right. Miraculously, he agrees.Now she has a week to fix everything. If only she can get around the one big truth that has always stood quietly in the middle of their seemingly perfect relationship. What could possibly go wrongFrom the New York Times bestselling author of Beach Read, a sparkling new novel that will leave you with the warm, hazy afterglow usually reserved for the best vacations. (less)"
Fifty Shades of Grey,romance,2,"When literature student Anastasia Steele goes to interview young entrepreneur Christian Grey, she encounters a man who is beautiful, brilliant, and intimidating. The unworldly, innocent Ana is startled to realize she wants this man and, despite his enigmatic reserve, finds she is desperate to get close to him. Unable to resist Anas quiet beauty, wit, and independent spirit, Grey admits he wants her, toobut on his own terms. Shocked yet thrilled by Greys singular erotic tastes, Ana hesitates. For all the trappings of successhis multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving familyGrey is a man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. When the couple embarks on a daring, passionately physical affair, Ana discovers Christian Greys secrets and explores her own dark desires.Erotic, amusing, and deeply moving, the Fifty Shades Trilogy is a tale that will obsess you, possess you, and stay with you forever.This book is intended for mature audiences. (less)"
Me Before You,romance,1,"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Giver of Stars, discover the love story that captured over 20 million hearts in Me Before You, After You, and Still Me.They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose . . .Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary lifesteady boyfriend, close familywho has barely been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for exMaster of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after an accident. Will has always lived a huge lifebig deals, extreme sports, worldwide traveland now hes pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.Will is acerbic, moody, bossybut Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.A Love Story for this generation and perfect for fans of John Greens The Fault in Our Stars, Me Before You brings to life two people who couldnt have less in commona heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart (less)"
New Moon,romance,1,"There is an alternate cover edition for ISBN13 9780316160193 here.I knew we were both in mortal danger. Still, in that instant, I felt well. Whole. I could feel my heart racing in my chest, the blood pulsing hot and fast through my veins again. My lungs filled deep with the sweet scent that came off his skin. It was like there had never been any hole in my chest. I was perfect - not healed, but as if there had never been a wound in the first place.I FELT LIKE I WAS TRAPPED IN ONE OF THOSE TERRIFYING NIGHTMARES, the one where you have to run, run till your lungs burst, but you can't make your body move fast enough.... But this was no dream, and, unlike the nightmare, I wasn't running for my life I was racing to save something infinitely more precious. My own life meant little to me today.FOR BELLA SWAN THERE IS ONE THING more important than life itself Edward Cullen. But being in love with a vampire is even more dangerous than Bella could ever have imagined. Edward has already rescued Bella from the clutches of one evil vampire, but now, as their daring relationship threatens all that is near and dear to them, they realize their troubles may be just beginning....LEGIONS OF READERS ENTRANCED BY THE New York Times bestseller Twilight are hungry for the continuing story of star-crossed lovers Bell and Edward. In New Moon, Stephanie Meyer delivers another irresistible combination of romance and suspense with a supernatural spin. passionate, riveting, and full of surprising twists and turns, this vampire love saga is well on its way to literary immortality. (less)"
Eleanor & Park,romance,3,"Bono met his wife in high school, Park says.So did Jerry Lee Lewis, Eleanor answers.Im not kidding, he says.You should be, she says, were 16.What about Romeo and JulietShallow, confused, then dead.I love you, Park says.Wherefore art thou, Eleanor answers.Im not kidding, he says.You should be.Set over one school year in 1986, Eleanor  Park is the story of two star-crossed misfits  smart enough to know first love almost never lasts, but brave and desperate enough to try. (less)"
Outlander,romance,2,"The year is 1945. Claire Randall, a former combat nurse, is just back from the war and reunited with her husband on a second honeymoon when she walks through a standing stone in one of the ancient circles that dot the British Isles. Suddenly she is a Sassenachan outlanderin a Scotland torn by war and raiding border clans in the year of Our Lord...1743.Hurled back in time by forces she cannot understand, Claire is catapulted into the intrigues of lairds and spies that may threaten her life, and shatter her heart. For here James Fraser, a gallant young Scots warrior, shows her a love so absolute that Claire becomes a woman torn between fidelity and desireand between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives. (less)"
"Take a Hint, Dani Brown",romance,3,"Talia Hibbert returns with another charming romantic comedy about a young woman who agrees to fake date her friend after a video of him rescuing her from their office building goes viral...Danika Brown knows what she wants professional success, academic renown, and an occasional roll in the hay to relieve all that career-driven tension. But romance Been there, done that, burned the T-shirt. Romantic partners, whatever their gender, are a distraction at best and a drain at worst. So Dani asks the universe for the perfect friend-with-benefitssomeone who knows the score and knows their way around the bedroom.When brooding security guard Zafir Ansari rescues Dani from a workplace fire drill gone wrong, its an obvious sign PhD student Dani and ex-rugby player Zaf are destined to sleep together. But before she can explain that fact, a video of the heroic rescue goes viral. Now half the internet is shipping #DrRugbaeand Zaf is begging Dani to play along. Turns out, his sports charity for kids could really use the publicity. Lying to help children Who on earth would refuseDanis plan is simple fake a relationship in public, seduce Zaf behind the scenes. The trouble is, grumpy Zafs secretly a hopeless romanticand hes determined to corrupt Danis stone-cold realism. Before long, hes tackling her fears into the dirt. But the former sports star has issues of his own, and the walls around his heart are as thick as his... um, thighs.Suddenly, the easy lay Dani dreamed of is more complex than her thesis. Has her wish backfired Is her focus being tested Or is the universe just waiting for her to take a hint (less)"
An Offer From a Gentleman,romance,2,"Will she accept his offer before the clock strikes midnightSophie Beckett never dreamed she'd be able to sneak into Lady Bridgerton's famed masquerade ballor that Prince Charming would be waiting there for her! Though the daughter of an earl, Sophie has been relegated to the role of servant by her disdainful stepmother. But now, spinning in the strong arms of the debonair and devastatingly handsome Benedict Bridgerton, she feels like royalty. Alas, she knows all enchantments must end when the clock strikes midnight.Who was that extraordinary woman Ever since that magical night, a radiant vision in silver has blinded Benedict to the attractions of any otherexcept, perhaps this alluring and oddly familiar beauty dressed in housemaid's garb whom he feels compelled to rescue from a most disagreeable situation. He has sworn to find and wed his mystery miss, but this breathtaking maid makes him weak with wanting her. Yet, if he offers his heart, will Benedict sacrifice his only chance for a fairy tale loveAlternate cover for ISBN 0380815583  9780380815586 (less)"
The Night Circus,romance,2,"The circus arrives without warning. No announcements precede it. It is simply there, when yesterday it was not. Within the black-and-white striped canvas tents is an utterly unique experience full of breathtaking amazements. It is called Le Cirque des Rves, and it is only open at night.But behind the scenes, a fierce competition is underwaya duel between two young magicians, Celia and Marco, who have been trained since childhood expressly for this purpose by their mercurial instructors. Unbeknownst to them, this is a game in which only one can be left standing, and the circus is but the stage for a remarkable battle of imagination and will. Despite themselves, however, Celia and Marco tumble headfirst into lovea deep, magical love that makes the lights flicker and the room grow warm whenever they so much as brush hands.True love or not, the game must play out, and the fates of everyone involved, from the cast of extraordinary circus performers to the patrons, hang in the balance, suspended as precariously as the daring acrobats overhead.Written in rich, seductive prose, this spell-casting novel is a feast for the senses and the heart. (less)"
"Everything, Everything",romance,4,"My disease is as rare as it is famous. Its a form of Severe Combined Immunodeficiency, but basically, Im allergic to the world. I dont leave my house, have not left my house in fifteen years. The only people I ever see are my mom and my nurse, Carla.But then one day, a moving truck arrives. New next door neighbors. I look out the window, and I see him. Hes tall, lean and wearing all blackblack t-shirt, black jeans, black sneakers and a black knit cap that covers his hair completely. He catches me looking and stares at me. I stare right back. His name is Olly. I want to learn everything about him, and I do. I learn that he is funny and fierce. I learn that his eyes are Atlantic Ocean-blue and that his vice is stealing silverware. I learn that when I talk to him, my whole world opens up, and I feel myself starting to changestarting to want things. To want out of my bubble. To want everything, everything the world has to offer.Maybe we cant predict the future, but we can predict some things. For example, I am certainly going to fall in love with Olly. Its almost certainly going to be a disaster. (less)"
Hopeless,romance,5,"Sometimes discovering the truth can leave you more hopeless than believing the liesThats what seventeen-year-old Sky realizes after she meets Dean Holder. A guy with a reputation that rivals her own and an uncanny ability to invoke feelings in her shes never had before. He terrifies her and captivates her all in the span of just one encounter, and something about the way he makes her feel sparks buried memories from a past that she wishes could just stay buried.Sky struggles to keep him at a distance knowing hes nothing but trouble, but Holder insists on learning everything about her. After finally caving to his unwavering pursuit, Sky soon finds that Holder isnt at all who hes been claiming to be. When the secrets hes been keeping are finally revealed, every single facet of Skys life will change forever. (less)"
Bared to You,romance,3,"From #1 New York Times bestselling author Sylvia Day comes the provocative masterstroke of abandon and obsession that redefined the meaning of desire and became a global phenomenon...Gideon Cross came into my life like lightning in the darkness. He was beautiful and brilliant, jagged and white-hot. I was drawn to him as I'd never been to anything or anyone in my life. I craved his touch like a drug, even knowing it would weaken me. I was flawed and damaged, and he opened those cracks in me so easily.Gideon knew. He had demons of his own. And we would become the mirrors that reflected each other's most private wounds and desires.The bonds of his love transformed me, even as I prayed that the torment of our pasts didn't tear us apart (less)"
9-Nov,romance,3,"Fallon meets Ben, an aspiring novelist, the day before her scheduled cross-country move. Their untimely attraction leads them to spend Fallons last day in L.A. together, and her eventful life becomes the creative inspiration Ben has always sought for his novel. Over time and amidst the various relationships and tribulations of their own separate lives, they continue to meet on the same date every year. Until one day Fallon becomes unsure if Ben has been telling her the truth or fabricating a perfect reality for the sake of the ultimate plot twist.Can Bens relationship with Fallonand simultaneously his novelbe considered a love story if it ends in heartbreakBeloved #1 New York Times bestselling author Colleen Hoover returns with an unforgettable love story between a writer and his unexpected muse. (less)"
Love and Other Words,romance,4,"The story of the heart can never be unwritten.Macy Sorensen is settling into an ambitious if emotionally tepid routine work hard as a new pediatrics resident, plan her wedding to an older, financially secure man, keep her head down and heart tucked away.But when she runs into Elliot Petropoulosthe first and only love of her lifethe careful bubble shes constructed begins to dissolve. Once upon a time, Elliot was Macys entire worldgrowing from her gangly bookish friend into the man who coaxed her heart open again after the loss of her mother...only to break it on the very night he declared his love for her.Told in alternating timelines between Then and Now, teenage Elliot and Macy grow from friends to much morespending weekends and lazy summers together in a house outside of San Francisco devouring books, sharing favorite words, and talking through their growing pains and triumphs. As adults, they have become strangers to one another until their chance reunion. Although their memories are obscured by the agony of what happened that night so many years ago, Elliot will come to understand the truth behind Macys decade-long silence, and will have to overcome the past and himself to revive her faith in the possibility of an all-consuming love.Love, loss, friendship, and the betrayals of the past all collide in this first fiction novel from New York Times and #1 international bestselling author Christina Lauren (Autoboyography, Dating You  Hating You). (less)"
P.S. I Still Love You,romance,4,"Lara Jean didnt expect to really fall for Peter.They were just pretending. Until they werent. And now Lara Jean has to learn what it's like to be in a real relationship and not just a make-believe one.But when another boy from her past returns to her life, Lara Jeans feelings for him suddenly return too. Can a girl be in love with two boys at onceIn this charming and heartfelt sequel to the New York Times bestseller To All the Boys I've Loved Before, Lara Jean is about to find out that falling in love is the easy part. (less)"
City of Bones,romance,2,"When fifteen-year-old Clary Fray heads out to the Pandemonium Club in New York City, she hardly expects to witness a murder much less a murder committed by three teenagers covered with strange tattoos and brandishing bizarre weapons. Then the body disappears into thin air. It's hard to call the police when the murderers are invisible to everyone else and when there is nothingnot even a smear of bloodto show that a boy has died. Or was he a boyThis is Clary's first meeting with the Shadowhunters, warriors dedicated to ridding the earth of demons. It's also her first encounter with Jace, a Shadowhunter who looks a little like an angel and acts a lot like a jerk. Within twenty-four hours Clary is pulled into Jace's world with a vengeance when her mother disappears and Clary herself is attacked by a demon. But why would demons be interested in ordinary mundanes like Clary and her mother And how did Clary suddenly get the Sight The Shadowhunters would like to know... (less)"
The Wall of Winnipeg and Me,romance,1,"Vanessa Mazur knows she's doing the right thing. She shouldn't feel bad for quitting. Being an assistanthousekeeperfairy godmother to the top defensive end in the National Football Organization was always supposed to be temporary. She has plans and none of them include washing extra-large underwear longer than necessary.But when Aiden Graves shows up at her door wanting her to come back, she's beyond shocked.For two years, the man known as The Wall of Winnipeg couldn't find it in him to tell her good morning or congratulate her on her birthday. Now He's asking for the unthinkable.What do you say to the man who is used to getting everything he wants (less)"
Romancing Mister Bridgerton,romance,4,"Everyone knows that Colin Bridgerton is the most charming man in London. Penelope Featherington has secretly adored her best friend's brother for...well, it feels like forever. After half a lifetime of watching Colin Bridgerton from afar, she thinks she knows everything about him, until she stumbles across his deepest secret...and fears she doesn't know him at all.Colin Bridgerton is tired of being thought nothing but an empty-headed charmer, tired of everyone's preoccupation with the notorious gossip columnist Lady Whistledown, who can't seem to publish an edition without mentioning him in the first paragraph. But when Colin returns to London from a trip abroad he discovers nothing in his life is quite the same - especially Penelope Featherington! The girl haunting his dreams. But when he discovers that Penelope has secrets of her own, this elusive bachelor must decide...is she his biggest threat - or his promise of a happy ending (less)"
A Court of Wings and Ruin,romance,1,"The epic third novel in the #1 New York Times bestselling Court of Thorns and Roses series by Sarah J. Maas.Feyre has returned to the Spring Court, determined to gather information on Tamlin's actions and learn what she can about the invading king threatening to bring her land to its knees. But to do so she must play a deadly game of deceit. One slip could bring doom not only for Feyre, but for everything-and everyone-she holds dear.As war bears down upon them all, Feyre endeavors to take her place amongst the High Fae of the land, balancing her struggle to master her powers-both magical and political-and her love for her court and family. Amidst these struggles, Feyre and Rhysand must decide whom to trust amongst the cunning and lethal High Lords, and hunt for allies in unexpected places.In this thrilling third book in the #1 New York Times bestselling series from Sarah J. Maas, the fate of Feyre's world is at stake as armies grapple for power over the one thing that could destroy it. (less)"
The Wedding Date,romance,5,"A groomsman and his last-minute guest are about to discover if a fake date can go the distance in a fun and flirty debut novel.Agreeing to go to a wedding with a guy she gets stuck with in an elevator is something Alexa Monroe wouldn't normally do. But there's something about Drew Nichols that's too hard to resist.On the eve of his ex's wedding festivities, Drew is minus a plus one. Until a power outage strands him with the perfect candidate for a fake girlfriend...After Alexa and Drew have more fun than they ever thought possible, Drew has to fly back to Los Angeles and his job as a pediatric surgeon, and Alexa heads home to Berkeley, where she's the mayor's chief of staff. Too bad they can't stop thinking about the other...They're just two high-powered professionals on a collision course toward the long distance dating disaster of the century--or closing the gap between what they think they need and what they truly want... (less)"
Divergent,romance,5,"In Beatrice Prior's dystopian Chicago world, society is divided into five factions, each dedicated to the cultivation of a particular virtueCandor (the honest), Abnegation (the selfless), Dauntless (the brave), Amity (the peaceful), and Erudite (the intelligent). On an appointed day of every year, all sixteen-year-olds must select the faction to which they will devote the rest of their lives. For Beatrice, the decision is between staying with her family and being who she really isshe can't have both. So she makes a choice that surprises everyone, including herself.During the highly competitive initiation that follows, Beatrice renames herself Tris and struggles alongside her fellow initiates to live out the choice they have made. Together they must undergo extreme physical tests of endurance and intense psychological simulations, some with devastating consequences. As initiation transforms them all, Tris must determine who her friends really areand where, exactly, a romance with a sometimes fascinating, sometimes exasperating boy fits into the life she's chosen. But Tris also has a secret, one she's kept hidden from everyone because she's been warned it can mean death. And as she discovers unrest and growing conflict that threaten to unravel her seemingly perfect society, she also learns that her secret might help her save those she loves . . . or it might destroy her. (less)"
The Hunger Games,romance,3,"Could you survive on your own in the wild, with every one out to make sure you don't live to see the morningIn the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining Capitol surrounded by twelve outlying districts. The Capitol is harsh and cruel and keeps the districts in line by forcing them all to send one boy and one girl between the ages of twelve and eighteen to participate in the annual Hunger Games, a fight to the death on live TV.Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives alone with her mother and younger sister, regards it as a death sentence when she steps forward to take her sister's place in the Games. But Katniss has been close to dead beforeand survival, for her, is second nature. Without really meaning to, she becomes a contender. But if she is to win, she will have to start making choices that weight survival against humanity and life against love. (less)"
Shatter Me,romance,1,"I have a curseI have a giftI am a monsterI'm more than humanMy touch is lethalMy touch is powerI am their weaponI will fight backJuliette hasn't touched anyone in exactly 264 days.The last time she did, it was an accident, but The Reestablishment locked her up for murder. No one knows why Juliette's touch is fatal. As long as she doesn't hurt anyone else, no one really cares. The world is too busy crumbling to pieces to pay attention to a 17-year-old girl. Diseases are destroying the population, food is hard to find, birds don't fly anymore, and the clouds are the wrong color.The Reestablishment said their way was the only way to fix things, so they threw Juliette in a cell. Now so many people are dead that the survivors are whispering warand The Reestablishment has changed its mind. Maybe Juliette is more than a tortured soul stuffed into a poisonous body. Maybe she's exactly what they need right now.Juliette has to make a choice Be a weapon. Or be a warrior. (less)"
On Dublin Street,romance,5,"Jocelyn Butler has been hiding from her past for years. But all her secrets are about to be laid bare ...Four years ago, Jocelyn left her tragic past behind in the States and started over in Scotland, burying her grief, ignoring her demons, and forging ahead without attachments. Her solitary life is working well - until she moves into a new apartment on Dublin Street, where she meets a man who shakes her carefully guarded world to its core.Braden Carmichael is used to getting what he wants, and he's determined to get Jocelyn into his bed. Knowing how skittish she is about entering a relationship, Braden proposes an arrangement that will satisfy their intense attraction without any strings attached.But after an intrigued Jocelyn accepts, she realizes that Braden won't be satisfied with just mind-blowing passion. The stubborn Scotsman is intent on truly knowing her . . . down to the very soul. (less)"
Heartstopper: Volume Three,romance,2,"In this volume well see the Heartstopper gang go on a school trip to Paris! Not only are Nick and Charlie navigating a new city, but also telling more people about their relationship AND learning more about the challenges each other are facing in privateMeanwhile Tao and Elle will face their feelings for each other, Tara and Darcy share more about their relationship origin story, and the teachers supervising the trip seem rather close (less)"
Perfect Chemistry,romance,2,"A fresh, urban twist on the classic tale of star-crossed lovers.When Brittany Ellis walks into chemistry class on the first day of senior year, she has no clue that her carefully created 'perfect' life is about to unravel before her eyes. She's forced to be lab partners with Alex Fuentes, a gang member from the other side of town, and he is about to threaten everything she's worked so hard for her flawless reputation, her relationship with her boyfriend, and the secret that her home life is anything but perfect.Alex is a bad boy and he knows it. So when he makes a bet with his friends to lure Brittany into his life, he thinks nothing of it. But soon Alex realizes Brittany is a real person with real problems, and suddenly the bet he made in arrogance turns into something much more.In a passionate story about looking beneath the surface, Simone Elkeles breaks through the stereotypes and barriers that threaten to keep Brittany and Alex apart. (less)"
One Day in December,romance,1,"Two people. Ten chances. One unforgettable love story.Laurie is pretty sure love at first sight doesn't exist anywhere but the movies. But then, through a misted-up bus window one snowy December day, she sees a man who she knows instantly is the one. Their eyes meet, there's a moment of pure magic... and then her bus drives away.Certain they're fated to find each other again, Laurie spends a year scanning every bus stop and cafe in London for him. But she doesn't find him, not when it matters anyway. Instead they reunite at a Christmas party, when her best friend Sarah giddily introduces her new boyfriend to Laurie. It's Jack, the man from the bus. It would be.What follows for Laurie, Sarah and Jack is ten years of friendship, heartbreak, missed opportunities, roads not taken, and destinies reconsidered. One Day in December is a joyous, heartwarming and immensely moving love story to escape into and a reminder that fate takes inexplicable turns along the route to happiness.Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780525574682. (less)"
Catching Fire,romance,1,"Sparks are igniting.Flames are spreading.And the Capitol wants revenge.Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the Hunger Games. She and fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark are miraculously still alive. Katniss should be relieved, happy even. After all, she has returned to her family and her longtime friend, Gale. Yet nothing is the way Katniss wishes it to be. Gale holds her at an icy distance. Peeta has turned his back on her completely. And there are whispers of a rebellion against the Capitola rebellion that Katniss and Peeta may have helped create.Much to her shock, Katniss has fueled an unrest that she's afraid she cannot stop. And what scares her even more is that she's not entirely convinced she should try. As time draws near for Katniss and Peeta to visit the districts on the Capitol's cruel Victory Tour, the stakes are higher than ever. If they can't prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that they are lost in their love for each other, the consequences will be horrifying.In Catching Fire, the second novel of the Hunger Games trilogy, Suzanne Collins continues the story of Katniss Everdeen, testing her more than ever before . . . and surprising readers at every turn. (less)"
Matched,romance,4,"In the Society, officials decide. Who you love. Where you work. When you die.Cassia has always trusted their choices. Its hardly any price to pay for a long life, the perfect job, the ideal mate. So when her best friend appears on the Matching screen, Cassia knows with complete certainty that he is the oneuntil she sees another face flash for an instant before the screen fades to black. Now Cassia is faced with impossible choices between Xander and Ky, between the only life shes known and a path no one else has ever dared followbetween perfection and passion.Matched is a story for right now and storytelling with the resonance of a classic. (less)"
Slammed,romance,2,"This is an alternate cover edition for ASIN B008TRUDAS.Following the unexpected death of her father, 18-year-old Layken is forced to be the rock for both her mother and younger brother. Outwardly, she appears resilient and tenacious, but inwardly, she's losing hope.Enter Will Cooper The attractive, 21-year-old new neighbor with an intriguing passion for slam poetry and a unique sense of humor. Within days of their introduction, Will and Layken form an intense emotional connection, leaving Layken with a renewed sense of hope.Not long after an intense, heart-stopping first date, they are slammed to the core when a shocking revelation forces their new relationship to a sudden halt. Daily interactions become impossibly painful as they struggle to find a balance between the feelings that pull them together, and the secret that keeps them apart. (less)"
Fix Her Up,romance,2,"A brand new romantic comedy from New York Times bestseller Tessa Bailey!Georgette Castles family runs the best home renovation business in town, but she picked balloons instead of blueprints and they havent taken her seriously since. Frankly, shes over it. Georgie loves planning childrens birthday parties and making people laugh, just not at her own expense. Shes determined to fix herself up into a Woman of the World... whatever that means.Phase one new framework for her business (a website from this decade, perhaps)Phase two a gut-reno on her wardrobe (fyi, leggings are pants.)Phase three updates to her exterior (do people still wax)Phase four put herself on the market (and stop crushing on Travis Ford!)Living her best life means facing the truth Georgie hasnt been on a date since, well, ever. Nobodys asking the town clown out for a night of hot sex, thats for sure. Maybe if people think shes having a steamy love affair, theyll acknowledge shes not just the little sister who paints faces for a living. And who better to help demolish that image than the resident sports star and tabloid favoriteTravis Ford was major league baseballs hottest rookie when an injury ended his career. Now hes flipping houses to keep busy and trying to forget his glory days. But he cant even cross the street without someone recapping his greatest hits. Or making a joke about his bat. And then there's Georgie, his best friends sister, who is not a kid anymore. When she proposes a wild schemethat they pretend to date, to shock her family and help him land a new jobhe agrees. Whats the harm Its not like its real. But the girl Travis used to tease is now a funny, full-of-life woman and theres nothing fake about how much he wants her... (less)"
Verity,romance,5,"Lowen Ashleigh is a struggling writer on the brink of financial ruin when she accepts the job offer of a lifetime. Jeremy Crawford, husband of bestselling author Verity Crawford, has hired Lowen to complete the remaining books in a successful series his injured wife is unable to finish.Lowen arrives at the Crawford home, ready to sort through years of Verity's notes and outlines, hoping to find enough material to get her started. What Lowen doesn't expect to uncover in the chaotic office is an unfinished autobiography Verity never intended for anyone to read. Page after page of bone-chilling admissions, including Verity's recollection of what really happened the day her daughter died.Lowen decides to keep the manuscript hidden from Jeremy, knowing its contents would devastate the already grieving father. But as Lowen's feelings for Jeremy begin to intensify, she recognizes all the ways she could benefit if he were to read his wife's words. After all, no matter how devoted Jeremy is to his injured wife, a truth this horrifying would make it impossible for him to continue to love her. (less)"
When He Was Wicked,romance,3,"Everything was so much simpler... when he was wicked.In every life there is a turning point. A moment so tremendous, so sharp and breathtaking, that one knows one's life will never be the same. For Michael Stirling, London's most infamous rake, that moment came the first time he laid eyes on Francesca Bridgerton.After a lifetime of chasing women, of smiling slyly as they chased him, of allowing himself to be caught but never permitting his heart to become engaged, he took one look at Francesca Bridgerton and fell so fast and hard into love it was a wonder he managed to remain standing. Unfortunately for Michael, however, Francesca's surname was to remain Bridgerton for only a mere thirty-six hours longerthe occasion of their meeting was, lamentably, a supper celebrating her imminent wedding to his cousin.But that was then... Now Michael is the earl and Francesca is free, but still she thinks of him as nothing other than her dear friend and confidant. Michael dares not speak to her of his love... until one dangerous night, when she steps innocently into his arms, and passion proves stronger than even the most wicked of secrets... (less)"
The Last Song,romance,2,"Alternate Cover Edition can be found hereSeventeen-year-old Veronica 'Ronnie' Millers life was turned upside-down when her parents divorced and her father moved from New York City to Wilmington, North Carolina. Three years later, she remains angry and alienated from her parents, especially her father . . . until her mother decides it would be in everyones best interest if she spent the summer in Wilmington with him. Ronnies father, a former concert pianist and teacher, is living a quiet life in the beach town, immersed in creating a work of art that will become the centerpiece of a local church.The tale that unfolds is an unforgettable story about love in its myriad forms - first love, the love between parents and children - that demonstrates, as only a Nicholas Sparks novel can, the many ways that deeply felt relationships can break our hearts . . . and heal them. (less)"
"Hush, Hush",romance,1,"A SACRED OATHA FALLEN ANGELA FORBIDDEN LOVERomance was not part of Nora Grey's plan. She's never been particularly attracted to the boys at her school, no matter how hard her best friend, Vee, pushes them at her. Not until Patch comes along. With his easy smile and eyes that seem to see inside her, Patch draws Nora to him against her better judgment.But after a series of terrifying encounters, Nora's not sure whom to trust. Patch seems to be everywhere she is and seems to know more about her than her closest friends. She can't decide whether she should fall into his arms or run and hide. And when she tries to seek some answers, she finds herself near a truth that is way more unsettling than anything Patch makes her feel.For she is right in the middle of an ancient battle between the immortal and those that have fallen - and, when it comes to choosing sides, the wrong choice will cost Nora her life. (less)"
All the Bright Places,romance,3,"The Fault in Our Stars meets Eleanor and Park in this exhilarating and heart-wrenching love story about a girl who learns to live from a boy who intends to die.Soon to be a major motion picture starring Elle Fanning! Theodore Finch is fascinated by death, and he constantly thinks of ways he might kill himself. But each time, something good, no matter how small, stops him. Violet Markey lives for the future, counting the days until graduation, when she can escape her Indiana town and her aching grief in the wake of her sisters recent death. When Finch and Violet meet on the ledge of the bell tower at school, its unclear who saves whom. And when they pair up on a project to discover the natural wonders of their state, both Finch and Violet make more important discoveries Its only with Violet that Finch can be himselfa weird, funny, live-out-loud guy whos not such a freak after all. And its only with Finch that Violet can forget to count away the days and start living them. But as Violets world grows, Finchs begins to shrink. This is an intense, gripping novel perfect for fans of Jay Asher, Rainbow Rowell, John Green, Gayle Forman, and Jenny Downham from a talented new voice in YA, Jennifer Niven. (less)"
Devil in Winter,romance,2,"A devil's bargain.Desperate to escape her scheming relatives, Evangeline Jenner has sought the help of the most infamous scoundrel in London. A marriage of convenience is the only solution.No one would have ever paired the shy, stammering wallflower with the sinfully handsome viscount. It quickly becomes clear, however, that Evie is a woman of hidden strengthand Sebastian desires her more than any woman he's ever known.Determined to win her husband's elusive heart, Evie dares to strike a bargain with the devil if Sebastian can stay celibate for three months, she will allow him into her bed. When Evie is threatened by a vengeful enemy from the past, Sebastian vows to do whatever it takes to protect his wife . . . even at the expense of his own life.Together they will defy their perilous fate, for the sake of all-consuming love. (less)"
Crazy Rich Asians,romance,1,"Crazy Rich Asians is the outrageously funny debut novel about three super-rich, pedigreed Chinese families and the gossip, backbiting, and scheming that occurs when the heir to one of the most massive fortunes in Asia brings home his ABC (American-born Chinese) girlfriend to the wedding of the season.When Rachel Chu agrees to spend the summer in Singapore with her boyfriend, Nicholas Young, she envisions a humble family home, long drives to explore the island, and quality time with the man she might one day marry. What she doesn't know is that Nick's family home happens to look like a palace, that she'll ride in more private planes than cars, and that with one of Asia's most eligible bachelors on her arm, Rachel might as well have a target on her back.Initiated into a world of dynastic splendor beyond imagination, Rachel meets Astrid, the It Girl of Singapore society Eddie, whose family practically lives in the pages of the Hong Kong socialite magazines and Eleanor, Nick's formidable mother, a woman who has very strong feelings about who her son shouldand should notmarry.Uproarious, addictive, and filled with jaw-dropping opulence, Crazy Rich Asians is an insider's look at the Asian JetSet a perfect depiction of the clash between old money and new money between Overseas Chinese and Mainland Chinese and a fabulous novel about what it means to be young, in love, and gloriously, crazily rich. (less)"
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,romance,5,"Harriet Vanger, a scion of one of Swedens wealthiest families disappeared over forty years ago. All these years later, her aged uncle continues to seek the truth. He hires Mikael Blomkvist, a crusading journalist recently trapped by a libel conviction, to investigate. He is aided by the pierced and tattooed punk prodigy Lisbeth Salander. Together they tap into a vein of unfathomable iniquity and astonishing corruption.An international publishing sensation, Stieg Larssons The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo combines murder mystery, family saga, love story, and financial intrigue into one satisfyingly complex and entertainingly atmospheric novel. (less)"
Gone Girl,romance,2,"Who are youWhat have we done to each otherThese are the questions Nick Dunne finds himself asking on the morning of his fifth wedding anniversary when his wife Amy suddenly disappears. The police suspect Nick. Amy's friends reveal that she was afraid of him, that she kept secrets from him. He swears it isn't true. A police examination of his computer shows strange searches. He says they weren't made by him. And then there are the persistent calls on his mobile phone.So what did happen to Nick's beautiful wife (less)"
The Girl Who Played with Fire,romance,2,"The ExposeMillenium publisher Mikael Blomkvist has made his reputation exposing corrupt establishment figures. So when a young journalist approaches him with an investigation into sex trafficking, Blomkvist cannot resist waging war on the powerful figures who control this lucrative industry.The MurderWhen a young couple is found dead in their Stockholm apartment, it's a straightforward job for Inspector Bublanski and his team. The killer left the weapon at the scene - and the fingerprints on the gun point in only one direction.The Girl Who Played with FireEx-security analyst Lisbeth Salander is wanted for murder. Her history of unpredictable and vengeful behaviour makes her an official danger to society - but no-one can find her. The only way Salander can be reached is by computer. But she can break into almost any network she chooses... (less)"
The Da Vinci Code,romance,4,"ISBN 9780307277671 moved to this edition.While in Paris, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is awakened by a phone call in the dead of the night. The elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum, his body covered in baffling symbols. As Langdon and gifted French cryptologist Sophie Neveu sort through the bizarre riddles, they are stunned to discover a trail of clues hidden in the works of Leonardo da Vinciclues visible for all to see and yet ingeniously disguised by the painter.Even more startling, the late curator was involved in the Priory of Siona secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinciand he guarded a breathtaking historical secret. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine puzzlewhile avoiding the faceless adversary who shadows their every movethe explosive, ancient truth will be lost forever. (less)"
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,romance,2,"The stunning third and final novel in Stieg Larsson's internationally best-selling trilogy.Lisbeth Salander - the heart of Larsson's two previous novels - lies in critical condition, a bullet wound to her head, in the intensive care unit of a Swedish city hospital. She's fighting for her life in more ways than one if and when she recovers, she'll be taken back to Stockholm to stand trial for three murders. With the help of her friend, journalist Mikael Blomkvist, she will not only have to prove her innocence, but also identify and denounce those in authority who have allowed the vulnerable, like herself, to suffer abuse and violence. And, on her own, she will plot revenge - against the man who tried to kill her, and the corrupt government institutions that very nearly destroyed her life.Once upon a time, she was a victim. Now Salander is fighting back.from the jacket (less)"
Angels & Demons,romance,4,"World-renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze a cryptic symbol seared into the chest of a murdered physicist. What he discovers is unimaginable a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization -- the Illuminati. In a desperate race to save the Vatican from a powerful time bomb, Langdon joins forces in Rome with the beautiful and mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra. Together they embark on a frantic hunt through sealed crypts, dangerous catacombs, and deserted cathedrals, and into the depths of the most secretive vault on earth...the long-forgotten Illuminati lair.(back cover) (less)"
The Shining,romance,5,"Jack Torrance's new job at the Overlook Hotel is the perfect chance for a fresh start. As the off-season caretaker at the atmospheric old hotel, he'll have plenty of time to spend reconnecting with his family and working on his writing. But as the harsh winter weather sets in, the idyllic location feels ever more remote...and more sinister. And the only one to notice the strange and terrible forces gathering around the Overlook is Danny Torrance, a uniquely gifted five-year-old. (less)"
The Silence of the Lambs,romance,3,"A serial murderer known only by a grotesquely apt nicknameBuffalo Billis stalking women. He has a purpose, but no one can fathom it, for the bodies are discovered in different states. Clarice Starling, a young trainee at the FBI Academy, is surprised to be summoned by Jack Crawford, chief of the Bureau's Behavioral Science section. Her assignment to interview Dr. Hannibal LecterHannibal the Cannibalwho is kept under close watch in the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane.Dr. Lecter is a former psychiatrist with a grisly history, unusual tastes, and an intense curiosity about the darker corners of the mind. His intimate understanding of the killer and of Clarice herself form the core of The Silence of the Lambsan ingenious, masterfully written book and an unforgettable classic of suspense fiction. (less)"
The Firm,romance,1,"Adaptation for younger readers.Mitch McDeere is a young, intelligent and ambitious lawyer. When he gets a job with a top tax law firm in Memphis, he is delighted. But he quickly becomes suspicious after mysterious deaths, obsessive office security, and the Chicago mob figure into its operations. The situation only escalates when Mitch discovers that the firm is listening in on his phone calls and that the FBI want to speak to him. Money and power has a price  and it could be Mitch's life.Adaptation NotesThis adaptation is a simplified text designed in association with world famous educational publishers, to provide a step-by-step approach to the joys of reading for pleasure. The series include original stories, contemporary titles based on today's best-selling media hits, and easily accessible versions of the literary classics from around the world. Each book has an introduction and extensive activity material. They are published at different levels for readers of all skill levels.Series Editors Andy Hopkins and Jocelyn PotterBook Details- Difficulty Level 5 - Upper Intermediate (2300 words)- Category Contemporary- Dialect British English (less)"
The Girl on the Train,romance,2,"Rachel catches the same commuter train every morning. She knows it will wait at the same signal each time, overlooking a row of back gardens. Shes even started to feel like she knows the people who live in one of the houses. Jess and Jason, she calls them. Their lifeas she sees itis perfect. If only Rachel could be that happy. And then she sees something shocking. Its only a minute until the train moves on, but its enough. Now everythings changed. Now Rachel has a chance to become a part of the lives shes only watched from afar. Now theyll see shes much more than just the girl on the train...An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here. (less)"
Misery,romance,4,"Alternate cover editions here and here.Paul Sheldon. He's a bestselling novelist who has finally met his biggest fan. Her name is Annie Wilkes and she is more than a rabid reader - she is Paul's nurse, tending his shattered body after an automobile accident. But she is also his captor, keeping him prisoner in her isolated house. (less)"
And Then There Were None,romance,5,"First, there were tena curious assortment of strangers summoned as weekend guests to a little private island off the coast of Devon. Their host, an eccentric millionaire unknown to all of them, is nowhere to be found. All that the guests have in common is a wicked past they're unwilling to revealand a secret that will seal their fate. For each has been marked for murder. A famous nursery rhyme is framed and hung in every room of the mansionTen little boys went out to dine One choked his little self and then there were nine. Nine little boys sat up very late One overslept himself and then there were eight. Eight little boys traveling in Devon One said he'd stay there then there were seven. Seven little boys chopping up sticks One chopped himself in half and then there were six. Six little boys playing with a hive A bumblebee stung one and then there were five. Five little boys going in for law One got in Chancery and then there were four. Four little boys going out to sea A red herring swallowed one and then there were three. Three little boys walking in the zoo A big bear hugged one and then there were two. Two little boys sitting in the sun One got frizzled up and then there was one. One little boy left all alone He went out and hanged himself and then there were none.When they realize that murders are occurring as described in the rhyme, terror mounts. One by one they fall prey. Before the weekend is out, there will be none. Who has choreographed this dastardly scheme And who will be left to tell the tale Only the dead are above suspicion. (less)"
Sharp Objects,romance,1,"Fresh from a brief stay at a psych hospital, reporter Camille Preaker faces a troubling assignment she must return to her tiny hometown to cover the unsolved murder of a preteen girl and the disappearance of another. For years, Camille has hardly spoken to her neurotic, hypochondriac mother or to the half-sister she barely knows a beautiful thirteen-year-old with an eerie grip on the town. Now, installed in her old bedroom in her family's Victorian mansion, Camille finds herself identifying with the young victimsa bit too strongly. Dogged by her own demons, she must unravel the psychological puzzle of her own past if she wants to get the storyand survive this homecoming.Librarian's Note this is an alternate cover edition - ISBN 10 0307341550 (ISBN 13 9780307341556) (less)"
Voyager,romance,1,"From the author of the breathtaking bestsellers Outlander and Dragonfly in Amber, the extraordinary saga continues.Their passionate encounter happened long ago by whatever measurement Claire Randall took. Two decades before, she had traveled back in time and into the arms of a gallant eighteenth-century Scot named Jamie Fraser. Then she returned to her own century to bear his child, believing him dead in the tragic battle of Culloden. Yet his memory has never lessened its hold on her... and her body still cries out for him in her dreams.Then Claire discovers that Jamie survived. Torn between returning to him and staying with their daughter in her own era, Claire must choose her destiny. And as time and space come full circle, she must find the courage to face the passion and pain awaiting her...the deadly intrigues raging in a divided Scotland... and the daring voyage into the dark unknown that can reunite or forever doom her timeless love.(less)"
The Ex Hex,romance,2,"New York Times bestselling author Rachel Hawkins, writing as Erin Sterling, casts a spell with a spine-tingling romance full of wishes, witches, and hexes gone wrong.Nine years ago, Vivienne Jones nursed her broken heart like any young witch would vodka, weepy music, bubble bathsand a curse on the horrible boyfriend. Sure, Vivi knows she shouldnt use her magic this way, but with only an orchard hayride scented candle on hand, she isnt worried it will cause him anything more than a bad hair day or two.That is until Rhys Penhallow, descendent of the towns ancestors, breaker of hearts, and annoyingly just as gorgeous as he always was, returns to Graves Glen, Georgia. What should be a quick trip to recharge the towns ley lines and make an appearance at the annual fall festival turns disastrously wrong. With one calamity after another striking Rhys, Vivi realizes her silly little Ex Hex may not have been so harmless after all.Suddenly, Graves Glen is under attack from murderous wind-up toys, a pissed off ghost, and a talking cat with some interesting things to say. Vivi and Rhys have to ignore their off the charts chemistry to work together to save the town and find a way to break the break-up curse before its too late. (less)"
Reflected in You,romance,5,"Gideon Cross. As beautiful and flawless on the outside as he was damaged and tormented on the inside. He was a bright, scorching flame that singed me with the darkest of pleasures. I couldn't stay away. I didn't want to. He was my addiction... my every desire... mine.My past was as violent as his, and I was just as broken. Wed never work. It was too hard, too painful... except when it was perfect. Those moments when the driving hunger and desperate love were the most exquisite insanity.We were bound by our need. And our passion would take us beyond our limits to the sweetest, sharpest edge of obsession... (less)"
99 Percent Mine,romance,4,"Crush a strong and often short-lived infatuation, particularly for someone beyond your reachDarcy Barrett has undertaken a global survey of men. Shes travelled the world, and can categorically say that no one measures up to Tom Valeska, whose only flaw is that Darcys twin brother Jamie saw him first and claimed him forever as his best friend. Despite Darcys best efforts, Toms off limits and loyal to her brother, 99. Thats the problem with finding her dream man at age eight and peaking in her photography career at age twentyever since, shes had to learn to settle for good enough.When Darcy and Jamie inherit a tumble-down cottage from their grandmother, theyre left with strict instructions to bring it back to its former glory and sell the property. Darcy plans to be in an aisle seat halfway across the ocean as soon as the renovations start, but before she can cut and run, she finds a familiar face on her porch house-flipper extraordinaire Toms arrived, hes bearing power tools, and hes single for the first time in almost a decade.Suddenly Darcys considering sticking around to make sure her twin doesnt ruin the cottages inherent magic with his penchant for grey and chrome. Shes definitely not staying because of her new business partners tight t-shirts, or that perfect face that's inspiring her to pick up her camera again. Soon sparks are flyingand its not the faulty wiring. It turns out one percent of Toms heart might not be enough for Darcy anymore. This time around, shes switching things up. Shes going to make Tom Valeska 99 percent hers. (less)"
Kulti,romance,5,"Trust me, Ive wanted to punch you in the face a time or five.When the man you worshipped as a kid becomes your coach, its supposed to be the greatest thing in the world. Keywords supposed to.It didn't take a week for 27-year-old Sal Casillas to wonder what she'd seen in the international soccer icon - why she'd ever had his posters on her wall or ever envisioned marrying him and having super-playing soccer babies.Sal had long ago gotten over the worst non-break-up in the history of imaginary relationships with a man who hadn't known she'd existed. So she isn't prepared for this version of Reiner Kulti who shows up to her team's season a quiet, reclusive shadow of the explosive, passionate man he'd once been. (less)"
Heartstopper: Volume Four,romance,4,"Boy meets boy. Boys become friends. Boys fall in love. The bestselling LGBTQ+ graphic novel about life, love, and everything that happens in between this is the fourth volume of HEARTSTOPPER, for fans of The Art of Being Normal, Holly Bourne and Love, Simon.Charlie didn't think Nick could ever like him back, but now they're officially boyfriends. Charlie's beginning to feel ready to say those three little words I love you.Nick's been feeling the same, but he's got a lot on his mind - not least coming out to his dad, and the fact that Charlie might have an eating disorder.As summer turns to autumn and a new school year begins, Charlie and Nick are about to learn a lot about what love means.Heartstopper is about love, friendship, loyalty and mental illness. It encompasses all the small stories of Nick and Charlie's lives that together make up something larger, which speaks to all of us.This is the fourth volume of Heartstopper, which has now been optioned for television by See-Saw Films. (less)"
Insurgent,romance,1,"One choice can transform youor it can destroy you. But every choice has consequences, and as unrest surges in the factions all around her, Tris Prior must continue trying to save those she lovesand herselfwhile grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness, identity and loyalty, politics and love.Tris's initiation day should have been marked by celebration and victory with her chosen faction instead, the day ended with unspeakable horrors. War now looms as conflict between the factions and their ideologies grows. And in times of war, sides must be chosen, secrets will emerge, and choices will become even more irrevocableand even more powerful. Transformed by her own decisions but also by haunting grief and guilt, radical new discoveries, and shifting relationships, Tris must fully embrace her Divergence, even if she does not know what she may lose by doing so.New York Times bestselling author Veronica Roth's much-anticipated second book of the dystopian DIVERGENT series is another intoxicating thrill ride of a story, rich with hallmark twists, heartbreaks, romance, and powerful insights about human nature. (less)"
Can You Keep a Secret?,romance,4,"Meet Emma Corrigan, a young woman with a huge heart, an irrepressible spirit, and a few little secrets Secrets from her boyfriend I've always thought Connor looks a bit like Ken. As in Barbie and Ken. Secrets from her mother I lost my virginity in the spare bedroom with Danny Nussbaum while Mum and Dad were downstairs watching Ben-Hur. Secrets she wouldn't share with anyone in the world I have no idea what NATO stands for. Or even what it is. Until she spills them all to a handsome stranger on a plane. At least, she thought he was a stranger.Until Emma comes face-to-face with Jack Harper, the company's elusive CEO, a man who knows every single humiliating detail about her... (less)"
Vampire Academy,romance,4,"Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies...Lissa Dragomir is a Moroi princess a mortal vampire with a rare gift for harnessing the earth's magic. She must be protected at all times from Strigoi the fiercest vampiresthe ones who never die. The powerful blend of human and vampire blood that flows through Rose Hathaway, Lissa's best friend, makes her a dhampir. Rose is dedicated to a dangerous life of protecting Lissa from the Strigoi, who are hell-bent on making Lissa one of them.After two years of freedom, Rose and Lissa are caught and dragged back to St. Vladimir's Academy, a school for vampire royalty and their guardians-to-be, hidden in the deep forests of Montana. But inside the iron gates, life is even more fraught with danger... and the Strigoi are always close by.Rose and Lissa must navigate their dangerous world, confront the temptations of forbidden love, and never once let their guard down, lest the evil undead make Lissa one of them forever... (less)"
Birthday Girl,romance,3,"JORDANHe took me in when I had nowhere else to go. He doesnt use me, hurt me, or forget about me. He listens to me, protects me, and sees me. I can feel his eyes on me over the breakfast table, and my heart pumps so hard when I hear him pull in the driveway after work.I have to stop this. It cant happen.My sister once told me there are no good men, and if you find one, hes probably unavailable. Only Pike Lawson isnt the unavailable one.I am.PIKEI took her in, because I thought I was helping. As the days go by, though, its becoming anything but easy. I have to stop my mind from drifting to her and stop holding my breath every time I bump into her in the house. I cant touch her, and I shouldnt want to.But were not free to give into this. Shes nineteen, and Im thirty-eight.And her boyfriends father.Unfortunately, they both just moved into my house. (less)"
They Both Die at the End,romance,5,"Adam Silvera reminds us that theres no life without death and no love without loss in this devastating yet uplifting story about two people whose lives change over the course of one unforgettable day.On September 5, a little after midnight, Death-Cast calls Mateo Torrez and Rufus Emeterio to give them some bad news Theyre going to die today.Mateo and Rufus are total strangers, but, for different reasons, theyre both looking to make a new friend on their End Day. The good news Theres an app for that. Its called the Last Friend, and through it, Rufus and Mateo are about to meet up for one last great adventureto live a lifetime in a single day. (less)"
The Roommate,romance,5,"House RulesDo your own dishes.Knock before entering the bathroom.Never look up your roommate online.The Wheatons are infamous among the east coast elite for their lack of impulse control, except for their daughter Clara. Shes the consummate socialite over-achieving, well-mannered, predictable. But every Wheaton has their weakness. When Claras childhood crush invites her to move cross-country, the offer is too much to resist. Unfortunately, its also too good to be true.After a bait-and-switch, Clara finds herself sharing a lease with a charming stranger. Josh might be a bit too perceptivenot to mention handsomefor comfort, but theres a good chance he and Clara could have survived sharing a summer sublet if she hadnt looked him up on the Internet...Once she learns how Josh has made a name for himself, Clara realizes living with him might make her the Wheatons most scandalous story yet. His professional prowess inspires her to take tackling the stigma against female desire into her own hands. They may not agree on much, but Josh and Clara both believe women deserve better sex. What they decide to do about it will change both of their lives, and if theyre lucky, theyll help everyone else get lucky too. (less)"
Neon Gods,romance,5,"He was supposed to be a myth.But from the moment I crossed the River Styx and fell under his dark spell... he was, quite simply, mine.Society darling Persephone Dimitriou plans to flee the ultra-modern city of Olympus and start over far from the backstabbing politics of the Thirteen Houses. But all thats ripped away when her mother ambushes her with an engagement to Zeus, the dangerous power behind their glittering citys dark facade.With no options left, Persephone flees to the forbidden undercity and makes a devils bargain with a man she once believed a myth... a man who awakens her to a world she never knew existed.Hades has spent his life in the shadows, and he has no intention of stepping into the light. But when he finds that Persephone can offer a little slice of the revenge hes spent years craving, its all the excuse he needs to help herfor a price. Yet every breathless night spent tangled together has given Hades a taste for Persephone, and hell go to war with Olympus itself to keep her closeA modern retelling of Hades and Persephone thats as sinful as it is sweet. (less)"
Scarlet,romance,4,"Cinder returns in the second thrilling installment of the New York Times-bestselling Lunar Chronicles.Shes trying to break out of prisoneven though if she succeeds, shell be the Commonwealths most wanted fugitive. Halfway around the world, Scarlet Benoits grandmother is missing. It turns out there are many things Scarlet doesnt know about her grandmother and the grave danger she has lived in her whole life.When Scarlet encounters Wolf, a street fighter who may have information as to her grandmothers whereabouts, she has no choice but to trust him, though he clearly has a few dark secrets of his own. As Scarlet and Wolf work to unravel one mystery, they find another when they cross paths with Cinder. Together, they must stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen who will do anything to make Prince Kai her husband, her king, her prisoner. (less)"
A Court of Frost and Starlight,romance,2,"A tender addition to the #1 New York Times bestselling Court of Thorns and Roses series by Sarah J. Maas, bridging the events of A Court of Wings and Ruin and upcoming books.Feyre, Rhysand, and their friends are still busy rebuilding the Night Court and the vastly altered world beyond, recovering from the war that changed everything. But Winter Solstice is finally approaching, and with it, the joy of a hard-earned reprieve.Yet even the festive atmosphere can't keep the shadows of the past from looming. As Feyre navigates her first Winter Solstice as High Lady, her concern for those dearest to her deepens. They have more wounds than she anticipated-scars that will have a far-reaching impact on the future of their court.Bridging the events of A Court of Wings and Ruin with the later books in the series, A Court of Frost and Starlight explores the far-reaching effects of a devastating war and the fierce love between friends. (less)"
The Ex Talk,romance,1,"Public radio co-hosts navigate mixed signals in Rachel Lynn Solomon's sparkling romantic comedy debut.Shay Goldstein has been a producer at her Seattle public radio station for nearly a decade, and she can't imagine working anywhere else. But lately it's been a constant clash between her and her newest colleague, Dominic Yun, who's fresh off a journalism master's program and convinced he knows everything about public radio.When the struggling station needs a new concept, Shay proposes a show that her boss green-lights with excitement. On The Ex Talk, two exes will deliver relationship advice live, on air. Their boss decides Shay and Dominic are the perfect co-hosts, given how much they already despise each other. Neither loves the idea of lying to listeners, but it's this or unemployment. Their audience gets invested fast, and it's not long before The Ex Talk becomes a must-listen in Seattle and climbs podcast charts.As the show gets bigger, so does their deception, especially when Shay and Dominic start to fall for each other. In an industry that values truth, getting caught could mean the end of more than just their careers. (less)"
Tangled,romance,1,"Drew Evans is a winner. Handsome and arrogant, he makes multimillion dollar business deals and seduces New Yorks most beautiful women with just a smile. He has loyal friends and an indulgent family. So why has he been shuttered in his apartment for seven days, miserable and depressedHell tell you he has the flu.But we all know thats not really true.Katherine Brooks is brilliant, beautiful and ambitious. She refuses to let anything - or anyone - derail her path to success. When Kate is hired as the new associate at Drews fathers investment banking firm, every aspect of the dashing playboys life is thrown into a tailspin. The professional competition she brings is unnerving, his attraction to her is distracting, his failure to entice her into his bed is exasperating.Then, just when Drew is on the cusp of having everything he wants, his overblown confidence threatens to ruin it all. Will he be able untangle his feelings of lust and tenderness, frustration and fulfillment Will he rise to the most important challenge of his lifeCan Drew Evans win at loveTangled is not your mothers romance novel. It is an outrageous, passionate, witty narrative about a man who knows a lot about womenjust not as much as he thinks he knows. As he tells his story, Drew learns the one thing he never wanted in life, is the only thing he cant live without. (less)"
City of Fallen Angels,romance,5,"The Mortal War is over, and sixteen-year-old Clary Fray is back home in New York, excited about all the possibilities before her. Shes training to become a Shadowhunter and to use her unique power. Her mother is getting married to the love of her life. Downworlders and Shadowhunters are at peace at last. Andmost importantly of allshe can finally call Jace her boyfriend.But nothing comes without a price.Someone is murdering Shadowhunters, provoking tensions between Downworlders and Shadowhunters that could lead to a second, bloody war. Clarys best friend, Simon, cant help herhis mother just found out that hes a vampire, and now hes homeless. When Jace begins to pull away from her without explaining why, Clary is forced to delve into the heart of a mystery whose solution reveals her worst nightmare she herself has set in motion a terrible chain of events that could lead to her losing everything she loves. Even Jace. (less)"
P.S. I Love You,romance,1,"A novel about holding on, letting go, and learning to love again.Now in paperback, the endearing novel that captured readers' hearts and introduced a fresh new voice in women's fiction Cecelia Ahern.Holly couldn't live without her husband Gerry, until the day she had to. They were the kind of young couple who could finish each other's sentences. When Gerry succumbs to a terminal illness and dies, 30-year-old Holly is set adrift, unable to pick up the pieces. But with the help of a series of letters her husband left her before he died and a little nudging from an eccentric assortment of family and friends, she learns to laugh, overcome her fears, and discover a world she never knew existed.The kind of enchanting novel with cross-generational appeal that comes along once in a great while, PS, I Love You is a captivating love letter to the world!(less)"
Serpent & Dove,romance,5,"Bound as one to love, honor, or burn.Two years ago, Louise le Blanc fled her coven and took shelter in the city of Cesarine, forsaking all magic and living off whatever she could steal. There, witches like Lou are hunted. They are feared. And they are burned.Sworn to the Church as a Chasseur, Reid Diggory has lived his life by one principle thou shalt not suffer a witch to live. His path was never meant to cross with Lou's, but a wicked stunt forces them into an impossible unionholy matrimony.The war between witches and Church is an ancient one, and Lou's most dangerous enemies bring a fate worse than fire. Unable to ignore her growing feelings, yet powerless to change what she is, a choice must be made.And love makes fools of us all.This is a previously published edition of ISBN 9780062878021. An alternate cover edition can be found here. (less)"
After You,romance,3,"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Giver of Stars, discover the love story that captured over 20 million hearts in Me Before You, After You, and Still Me.Youre going to feel uncomfortable in your new world for a bit. But I hope you feel a bit exhilarated too. Live boldly. Push yourself. Dont settle. Just live well. Just live. Love, Will.How do you move on after losing the person you loved How do you build a life worth livingLouisa Clark is no longer just an ordinary girl living an ordinary life. After the transformative six months spent with Will Traynor, she is struggling without him. When an extraordinary accident forces Lou to return home to her family, she cant help but feel shes right back where she started.Her body heals, but Lou herself knows that she needs to be kick-started back to life. Which is how she ends up in a church basement with the members of the Moving On support group, who share insights, laughter, frustrations, and terrible cookies. They will also lead her to the strong, capable Sam Fieldingthe paramedic, whose business is life and death, and the one man who might be able to understand her. Then a figure from Wills past appears and hijacks all her plans, propelling her into a very different future. . . .For Lou Clark, life after Will Traynor means learning to fall in love again, with all the risks that brings. But here Jojo Moyes gives us two families, as real as our own, whose joys and sorrows will touch you deeply, and where both changes and surprises await. (less)"
The Crown,romance,1,"When Eadlyn became the first princess of Illa to hold her own Selection, she didnt think she would fall in love with any of her thirty-five suitors. She spent the first few weeks of the competition counting down the days until she could send them all home. But as events at the palace force Eadlyn even further into the spotlight, she realizes that she might not be content remaining alone.Eadlyn still isnt sure shell find the fairytale ending her parents did twenty years ago. But sometimes the heart has a way of surprising youand soon Eadlyn must make a choice that feels more impossibleand more importantthan she ever imagined. (less)"
Rebecca,romance,1,"Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again...Ancient, beautiful Manderley, between the rose garden and the sea, is the county's showpiece. Rebecca made it so - even a year after her death, Rebecca's influence still rules there. How can Maxim de Winter's shy new bride ever fill her place or escape her vital shadowA shadow that grows longer and darker as the brief summer fades, until, in a moment of climatic revelations, it threatens to eclipse Manderley and its inhabitants completely... (less)"
Regretting You,romance,4,"Morgan Grant and her sixteen-year-old daughter, Clara, would like nothing more than to be nothing alike.Morgan is determined to prevent her daughter from making the same mistakes she did. By getting pregnant and married way too young, Morgan put her own dreams on hold. Clara doesnt want to follow in her mothers footsteps. Her predictable mother doesnt have a spontaneous bone in her body.With warring personalities and conflicting goals, Morgan and Clara find it increasingly difficult to coexist. The only person who can bring peace to the household is ChrisMorgans husband, Claras father, and the family anchor. But that peace is shattered when Chris is involved in a tragic and questionable accident. The heartbreaking and long-lasting consequences will reach far beyond just Morgan and Clara.While struggling to rebuild everything that crashed around them, Morgan finds comfort in the last person she expects to, and Clara turns to the one boy shes been forbidden to see. With each passing day, new secrets, resentment, and misunderstandings make mother and daughter fall further apart. So far apart, it might be impossible for them to ever fall back together. (less)"
Walking Disaster,romance,2,"How much is too much to love Travis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died Love hard. Fight harder.Finally, the highly anticipated follow-up to the New York Times bestseller Beautiful Disaster.Can you love someone too muchTravis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died Love hard. Fight harder.In Walking Disaster, the life of Travis is full of fast women, underground gambling, and violence. But just when he thinks he is invincible, Abby Abernathy brings him to his knees.Every story has two sides. In Beautiful Disaster, Abby had her say. Now its time to see the story through Traviss eyes. (less)"
One True Loves,romance,4,"In her twenties, Emma Blair marries her high school sweetheart, Jesse. They build a life for themselves, far away from the expectations of their parents and the people of their hometown in Massachusetts. They travel the world together, living life to the fullest and seizing every opportunity for adventure.On their first wedding anniversary, Jesse is on a helicopter over the Pacific when it goes missing. Just like that, Jesse is gone forever.Emma quits her job and moves home in an effort to put her life back together. Years later, now in her thirties, Emma runs into an old friend, Sam, and finds herself falling in love again. When Emma and Sam get engaged, it feels like Emmas second chance at happiness.That is, until Jesse is found. Hes alive, and hes been trying all these years to come home to her. With a husband and a fianc, Emma has to now figure out who she is and what she wants, while trying to protect the ones she loves.Who is her one true love What does it mean to love trulyEmma knows she has to listen to her heart. Shes just not sure what its saying. (less)"
Seven Days in June,romance,4,"Brooklynite Eva Mercy is a single mom and bestselling erotica writer, who is feeling pressed from all sides. Shane Hall is a reclusive, enigmatic, award-winning literary author who, to everyone's surprise, shows up in New York.When Shane and Eva meet unexpectedly at a literary event, sparks fly, raising not only their past buried traumas, but the eyebrows of New York's Black literati. What no one knows is that twenty years earlier, teenage Eva and Shane spent one crazy, torrid week madly in love. They may be pretending that everything is fine now, but they can't deny their chemistry - or the fact that they've been secretly writing to each other in their books ever since.Over the next seven days in the middle of a steamy Brooklyn summer, Eva and Shane reconnect, but Eva's not sure how she can trust the man who broke her heart, and she needs to get him out of New York so that her life can return to normal. But before Shane disappears again, there are a few questions she needs answered...With its keen observations of Black life and the condition of modern motherhood, as well as the consequences of motherless-ness, Seven Days in June is by turns humorous, warm and deeply sensual.Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9781538719107. (less)"
Written in the Stars,romance,1,"With nods to Bridget Jones and Pride and Prejudice, a charming #ownvoices queer rom-com debut about a free-spirited social media astrologer who agrees to fake a relationship with an uptight actuary until New Years Evewith results not even the stars could predict!After a disastrous blind date, Darcy Lowell is desperate to stop her well-meaning brother from playing matchmaker ever again. Loveand the inevitable heartbreakis the last thing she wants. So she fibs and says her latest set up was a success. Darcy doesnt expect her lie to bite her in the ass.Elle Jones, one of the astrologers behind the popular Twitter account, Oh My Stars, dreams of finding her soul mate. But she knows it is most assuredly not Darcy... a no-nonsense stick-in-the-mud, who is way too analytical, punctual, and skeptical for someone as free-spirited as Elle. When Darcys brotherand Elle's new business partnerexpresses how happy he is that they hit it off, Elle is baffled. Was Darcy on the same date Because... awkward.When Darcy begs Elle to play along, she agrees to pretend theyre dating to save face. But with a few conditions Darcy must help Elle navigate her own overbearing family over the holidays and their arrangement expires on New Years Eve. The last thing they expect is to develop real feelings during a fake relationship.But maybe opposites can attract when true love is written in the stars (less)"
The Duchess War,romance,4,"Sometimes love is an accident.This time, its a strategy.Miss Minerva Lane is a quiet, bespectacled wallflower, and she wants to keep it that way. After all, the last time she was the center of attention, it ended badlyso badly that she changed her name to escape her scandalous past. Wallflowers may not be the prettiest of blooms, but at least they don't get trampled. So when a handsome duke comes to town, the last thing she wants is his attention.But that is precisely what she gets.Because Robert Blaisdell, the Duke of Clermont, is not fooled. When Minnie figures out what hes up to, he realizes there is more to her than her spectacles and her quiet ways. And hes determined to lay her every secret bare before she can discover his. But this time, one shy miss may prove to be more than his match... (less)"
Bet Me,romance,1,"Minerva Dobbs knows that happily-ever-after is a fairy tale, especially with a man who asked her to dinner to win a bet. Even if he is gorgeous and successful Calvin Morrisey. Cal knows commitment is impossible, especially with a woman as cranky as Min Dobbs. Even if she does wear great shoes and keeps him on his toes. When they say good-bye at the end of their evening, they cut their losses and agree never to see each other again.But Fate has other plans, and it's not long before Min and Cal meet again. Soon, they're dealing with a jealous ex-boyfriend, Krispy Kreme donuts, a determined psychologist, chaos theory, a freakishly intelligent cat, Chicken Marsala, and more risky propositions than either of them ever dreamed of. Including the biggest gamble of alltrue love. (less)"
You Had Me at Hola,romance,2,"RITA Award Winning author Alexis Daria brings readers an unforgettable, hilarious rom-com set in the drama-filled world of telenovelasperfect for fans of Jane the Virgin and The Kiss Quotient.Leading Ladies do not end up on tabloid covers. After a messy public breakup, soap opera darling Jasmine Lin Rodriguez finds her face splashed across the tabloids. When she returns to her hometown of New York City to film the starring role in a bilingual romantic comedy for the number one streaming service in the country, Jasmine figures her new Leading Lady Plan should be easy enough to followuntil a casting shake-up pairs her with telenovela hunk Ashton Surez. Leading Ladies dont need a man to be happy. After his last telenovela character was killed off, Ashton is worried his career is dead as well. Joining this new cast as a last-minute addition will give him the chance to show off his acting chops to American audiences and ping the radar of Hollywood casting agents. To make it work, hell need to generate smoking-hot on-screen chemistry with Jasmine. Easier said than done, especially when a disastrous first impression smothers the embers of whatever sexual heat they might have had. Leading Ladies do not rebound with their new costars. With their careers on the line, Jasmine and Ashton agree to rehearse in private. But rehearsal leads to kissing, and kissing leads to a behind-the-scenes romance worthy of a soap opera. While their on-screen performance improves, the media spotlight on Jasmine soon threatens to destroy her new image and expose Ashtons most closely guarded secret.  (less)"
Memoirs of a Geisha,romance,1,"A literary sensation and runaway bestseller, this brilliant novel presents with seamless authenticity and exquisite lyricism the true confessions of one of Japan's most celebrated geisha.In Memoirs of a Geisha, we enter a world where appearances are paramount where a girl's virginity is auctioned to the highest bidder where women are trained to beguile the most powerful men and where love is scorned as illusion. It is a unique and triumphant work of fiction - at once romantic, erotic, suspenseful - and completely unforgettable. (less)"
Drums of Autumn,romance,2,"In this breathtaking novel, rich in history and adventure, #1 New York Times bestselling author Diana Gabaldon continues the story of Claire Randall and Jamie Fraser that started with the now-classic novel Outlander and continued in Dragonfly in Amber and Voyager. Once again spanning continents and centuries, Gabaldon has created a work of sheer brilliance.What if you knew someone you loved was going to die What if you thought you could save them How much would you risk to tryClaire Randall has gone to find Jamie Fraser, the man she loved more than life, and has left half her heart behind with their daughter, Brianna. Claire gave up Jamie to save Brianna, and now Bree has sent her mother back to the Scottish warrior who was willing to give his life to save them both. But a chilling discovery in the pages of history suggests that Jamie and Claire's story doesn't have a happy ending.Brianna dares a terrifying leap into the unknown in search of her mother and the father she has never met, risking her own future to try to change history . . . and to save their lives. But as Brianna plunges into an uncharted wilderness, a heartbreaking encounter may strand her forever in the past . . . or root her in the place she should be, where her heart and soul belong. (less)"
Beautiful Creatures,romance,3,"Lena Duchannes is unlike anyone the small Southern town of Gatlin has ever seen, and she's struggling to conceal her power, and a curse that has haunted her family for generations. But even within the overgrown gardens, murky swamps and crumbling graveyards of the forgotten South, a secret cannot stay hidden forever.Ethan Wate, who has been counting the months until he can escape from Gatlin, is haunted by dreams of a beautiful girl he has never met. When Lena moves into the town's oldest and most infamous plantation, Ethan is inexplicably drawn to her and determined to uncover the connection between them.In a town with no surprises, one secret could change everything. (less)"
I've Got Your Number,romance,5,"Ive lost it. ( The only thing in the world I wasnt supposed to lose. My engagement ring. Its been in Magnuss family for three generations. And now the very same day his parents are coming, Ive lost it. The very same day! Do not hyperventilate, Poppy. Stay positive ) !! Poppy Wyatt has never felt luckier. She is about to marry her ideal man, Magnus Tavish, but in one afternoon her happily ever after begins to fall apart. Not only has she lost her engagement ring in a hotel fire drill but in the panic that follows, her phone is stolen. As she paces shakily around the lobby, she spots an abandoned phone in a trash can. Finders keepers! Now she can leave a number for the hotel to contact her when they find her ring. Perfect! Well, perfect except that the phones owner, businessman Sam Roxton, doesnt agree. He wants his phone back and doesnt appreciate Poppy reading his messages and wading into his personal life. What ensues is a hilarious and unpredictable turn of events as Poppy and Sam increasingly upend each others lives through emails and text messages. As Poppy juggles wedding preparations, mysterious phone calls, and hiding her left hand from Magnus and his parents . . . she soon realizes that she is in for the biggest surprise of her life. (less)"
Isla and the Happily Ever After,romance,1,"Love ignites in the City That Never Sleeps, but can it lastHopeless romantic Isla has had a crush on introspective cartoonist Josh since their first year at the School of America in Paris. And after a chance encounter in Manhattan over the summer, romance might be closer than Isla imagined. But as they begin their senior year back in France, Isla and Josh are forced to confront the challenges every young couple must face, including family drama, uncertainty about their college futures, and the very real possibility of being apart.Featuring cameos from fan-favorites Anna, tienne, Lola, and Cricket, this sweet and sexy story of true loveset against the stunning backdrops of New York City, Paris, and Barcelonais a swoonworthy conclusion to Stephanie Perkinss beloved series. (less)"
Addicted to You,romance,2,"Fans of Gossip Girl, Friends, and Euphoria will devour this edgy new adult romance set in a world of lust, fame, swoon-worthy men, and friendships that run deeper than blood.Shes addicted to sex. Hes addicted to boozethe only way out is rock bottom.No one would suspect shy Lily Calloways biggest secret. While everyone is dancing at college bars, Lily stays in the bathroom. To get laid. Her compulsion leads her to one-night stands, steamy hookups and events she shamefully regrets. The only person who knows her secret happens to have one of his own.Loren Hales best friend is his bottle of bourbon. Lily comes at a close second. For three years, theyve pretended to be in a real relationship, hiding their addictions from their families. Theyve mastered the art of concealing flasks and random guys that filter in and out of their apartment.But as they sink beneath the weight of their addictions, they cling harder to their destructive relationship and wonder if a life together, for real, is better than a lie. Strangers and family begin to infiltrate their guarded lives, and with new challenges, they realize they may not just be addicted to alcohol and sex.Their real vice may be each other.New Adult Romance recommended for readers 18+ for mature content (less)"
The Goal,romance,4,"Alternate cover edition for 9781533344342Shes good at achieving her goalsCollege senior Sabrina James has her whole future planned out graduate from college, kick butt in law school, and land a high-paying job at a cutthroat firm. Her path to escaping her shameful past certainly doesnt include a gorgeous hockey player who believes in love at first sight. One night of sizzling heat and surprising tenderness is all shes willing to give John Tucker, but sometimes, one night is all it takes for your entire life to change.But the game just got a whole lot more complicatedTucker believes being a team player is as important as being the star. On the ice, hes fine staying out of the spotlight, but when it comes to becoming a daddy at the age of twenty-two, he refuses to be a bench warmer. It doesnt hurt that the soon-to-be mother of his child is beautiful, whip-smart, and keeps him on his toes. The problem is, Sabrinas heart is locked up tight, and the fiery brunette is too stubborn to accept his help. If he wants a life with the woman of his dreams, hell have to convince her that some goals can only be made with an assist. (less)"
Playing for Keeps,romance,2,"Done with being the world's biggest pushover, Haley decides that things are going to change starting with the aggravating neighbor who has too much charm and not enough restraint. What she didn't expect was to be sucked into his world, but Haley has a game plan and she won't let herself forget just what the bad boy next door is capable of.The last thing Jason expected was for his little shy neighbor to go Rambo on him over some ruined flowers. After he decides to take her under his wing he can't help but that notice that she fits very nicely in his life. Now the only thing left is to convince her that this is anything but a game.2011 R.L. Mathewson (less)"
Roomies,romance,4,"From subway to Broadway to happily ever after. Modern love in all its thrill, hilarity, and uncertainty has never been so compulsively readable as in New York Times bestselling author Christina Laurens romantic novel.Marriages of convenience are so...inconvenient.For months Holland Bakker has invented excuses to descend into the subway station near her apartment, drawn to the captivating music performed by her street musician crush. Lacking the nerve to actually talk to the gorgeous stranger, fate steps in one night in the form of a drunken attacker. Calvin Mcloughlin rescues her, but quickly disappears when the police start asking questions.Using the only resource she has to pay the brilliant musician back, Holland gets Calvin an audition with her uncle, Broadways hottest musical director. When the tryout goes better than even Holland could have imagined, Calvin is set for a great entry into Broadwayuntil his reason for disappearing earlier becomes clear hes in the country illegally, his student visa having expired years ago.Seeing that her uncle needs Calvin as much as Calvin needs him, a wild idea takes hold of her. Impulsively, she marries the Irishman, her infatuation a secret only to him. As their relationship evolves and Calvin becomes the darling of Broadwayin the middle of the theatrics and the acting-not-actingwill Holland and Calvin to realize that they both stopped pretending a long time ago (less)"
Entwined with You,romance,1,"From the moment I first met Gideon Cross, I recognized something in him that I needed. Something I couldn't resist. I saw the dangerous and damaged soul inside--so much like my own. I was drawn to it. I needed him as surely as I needed my heart to beat.No one knows how much he risked for me. How much I'd been threatened, or just how dark and desperate the shadow of our pasts would become.Entwined by our secrets, we tried to defy the odds. We made our own rules and surrendered completely to the exquisite power of possession... (less)"
The Chase,romance,5,"Everyone says opposites attract. And they must be right, because theres no logical reason why Im so drawn to Colin Fitzgerald. I dont usually go for tattoo-covered, video-gaming, hockey-playing nerd-jocks who think Im flighty and superficial. His narrow view of me is the first strike against him. It doesnt help that hes buddy-buddy with my brother.And that his best friend has a crush on me.And that I just moved in with them.Oh, did I not mention were roommatesI suppose it doesnt matter. Fitzy has made it clear hes not interested in me, even though the sparks between us are liable to burn our house down. Im not the kind of girl who chases after a man, though, and Im not about to start. Ive got my hands full dealing with a new school, a sleazy professor, and an uncertain future. So if my sexy brooding roomie wises up and realizes what hes missingHe knows where to find me. (less)"
My Life Next Door,romance,4,"A gorgeous debut about family, friendship, first romance, and how to be true to one person you love without betraying anotherOne thing my mother never knew, and would disapprove of most of all, was that I watched the Garretts. All the time.The Garretts are everything the Reeds are not. Loud, numerous, messy, affectionate. And every day from her balcony perch, seventeen-year-old Samantha Reed wishes she was one of them . . . until one summer evening, Jase Garrett climbs her terrace and changes everything. As the two fall fiercely in love, Jase's family makes Samantha one of their own. Then in an instant, the bottom drops out of her world and she is suddenly faced with an impossible decision. Which perfect family will save her Or is it time she saved herselfA dreamy summer read, full of characters who stay with you long after the story is over. (less)"
Neanderthal Seeks Human,romance,5,"There are three things you need to know about Janie Morris1) She is incapable of engaging in a conversation without volunteering TMTI (Too Much Trivial Information), especially when she is unnerved,2) No one unnerves her more than Quinn Sullivan, and3) She doesn't know how to knit.After losing her boyfriend, apartment, and job in the same day, Janie Morris can't help wondering what new torment fate has in store.To her utter mortification, Quinn Sullivanaka Sir McHotpantswitnesses it all then keeps turning up like a pair of shoes you lust after but can't afford. The last thing she expects is for Quinn to make her an offer she can't refuse.Neanderthal Seeks Human is book #1 in the Knitting in the City series. Each book is a standalone, full length, contemporary romantic comedy novel, and follows the misadventures and exploits of seven friends in Chicago, all members of the same knitting group. (less)"
If I Never Met You,romance,4,"If faking love is this easy... how do you know when its realWhen her partner of over a decade suddenly ends things, Laurie is left reelingnot only because they work at the same law firm and she has to see him every day. Her once perfect life is in shambles and the thought of dating again in the age of Tinder is nothing short of horrifying. When news of her exs pregnant girlfriend hits the office grapevine, taking the humiliation lying down is not an option. Then a chance encounter in a broken-down elevator with the office playboy opens up a new possibility.Jamie Carter doesnt believe in love, but he needs a respectable, steady girlfriend to impress their bosses. Laurie wants a hot new man to give the rumor mill something else to talk about. Its the perfect proposition a fauxmance played out on social media, with strategically staged photographs and a specific end date in mind. With the plan hatched, Laurie and Jamie begin to flaunt their new couple status, to the astonishmentand jealousyof their friends and colleagues. But theres a fine line between pretending to be in love and actually falling for your charming, handsome fake boyfriend... (less)"
City of Lost Souls,romance,2,"The New York Times bestselling Mortal Instruments continuesand so do the thrills and danger for Jace, Clary, and Simon.What price is too high to pay, even for love When Jace and Clary meet again, Clary is horrified to discover that the demon Liliths magic has bound her beloved Jace together with her evil brother Sebastian, and that Jace has become a servant of evil. The Clave is out to destroy Sebastian, but there is no way to harm one boy without destroying the other. As Alec, Magnus, Simon, and Isabelle wheedle and bargain with Seelies, demons, and the merciless Iron Sisters to try to save Jace, Clary plays a dangerous game of her own. The price of losing is not just her own life, but Jaces soul. Shes willing to do anything for Jace, but can she still trust him Or is he truly lostLove. Blood. Betrayal. Revenge. Darkness threatens to claim the Shadowhunters in the harrowing fifth book of the Mortal Instruments series. (less)"
The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue,romance,1,"Henry Monty Montague was born and bred to be a gentleman, but he was never one to be tamed. The finest boarding schools in England and the constant disapproval of his father havent been able to curb any of his roguish passionsnot for gambling halls, late nights spent with a bottle of spirits, or waking up in the arms of women or men.But as Monty embarks on his Grand Tour of Europe, his quest for a life filled with pleasure and vice is in danger of coming to an end. Not only does his father expect him to take over the familys estate upon his return, but Monty is also nursing an impossible crush on his best friend and traveling companion, Percy.Still it isnt in Montys nature to give up. Even with his younger sister, Felicity, in tow, he vows to make this yearlong escapade one last hedonistic hurrah and flirt with Percy from Paris to Rome. But when one of Montys reckless decisions turns their trip abroad into a harrowing manhunt that spans across Europe, it calls into question everything he knows, including his relationship with the boy he adores. (less)"
Tweet Cute,romance,3,"Meet Pepper, swim team captain, chronic overachiever, and all-around perfectionist. Her family may be falling apart, but their massive fast-food chain is booming  mainly thanks to Pepper, who is barely managing to juggle real life while secretly running Big League Burgers massive Twitter account.Enter Jack, class clown and constant thorn in Peppers side. When he isnt trying to duck out of his obscenely popular twins shadow, hes busy working in his familys deli. His relationship with the business that holds his future might be lovehate, but when Big League Burger steals his grandmas iconic grilled cheese recipe, hell do whatever it takes to take them down, one tweet at a time.Alls fair in love and cheese  that is, until Pepper and Jacks spat turns into a viral Twitter war. Little do they know, while theyre publicly duking it out with snarky memes and retweet battles, theyre also falling for each other in real life  on an anonymous chat app Jack built.As their relationship deepens and their online shenanigans escalate  people on the internet are shipping them  their battle gets more and more personal, until even these two rivals cant ignore they were destined for the most unexpected, awkward, all-the-feels romance that neither of them expected.A fresh, irresistible rom-com from debut author Emma Lord about the chances we take, the paths life can lead us on, and how love can be found in the opposite place you expected. (less)"
Fallen Too Far,romance,5,"To want what youre not supposed to haveShe is only nineteen.She is his new stepfathers daughter.She is still nave and innocent due to spending the last three years taking care of her sick mother.But for twenty-four year old Rush Finlay, she is the only thing that has ever been off limits. His famous fathers guilt money, his mothers desperation to win his love, and his charm are the three reasons he has never been told no.Blaire Wynn left her small farmhouse in Alabama, after her mother passed away, to move in with her father and his new wife in their sprawling beach house along the Florida gulf coast. She isnt prepared for the lifestyle change and she knows shell never fit into this world. Then there is her sexy stepbrother who her father leaves her with for the summer while he runs off to Paris with his wife. Rush is as spoiled as he is gorgeous. He is also getting under her skin. She knows he is anything but good for her and that hell never be faithful to anyone. He is jaded and has secrets Blaire knows she may never uncover but even knowing all of thatBlaire just may have fallen too far. (less)"
When Dimple Met Rishi,romance,1,"Dimple Shah has it all figured out. With graduation behind her, shes more than ready for a break from her familyand from Mammas inexplicable obsession with her finding the Ideal Indian Husband. Ugh. Dimple knows they must respect her principles on some level, though. If they truly believed she needed a husband right now, they wouldnt have paid for her to attend a summer program for aspiring web developersrightRishi Patel is a hopeless romantic. So when his parents tell him that his future wife will be attending the same summer programwherein hell have to woo herhes totally on board. Because as silly as it sounds to most people in his life, Rishi wants to be arranged, believes in the power of tradition, stability, and being a part of something much bigger than himself.The Shahs and Patels didnt mean to start turning the wheels on this suggested arrangement so early in their childrens lives, but when they noticed them both gravitating toward the same summer program, they figured, Why notDimple and Rishi may think they have each other figured out. But when opposites clash, love works hard to prove itself in the most unexpected ways. (less)"
