title,genre,rating,summary
Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game,sports,2,"Billy Beane, general manager of MLB's Oakland A's and protagonist of Michael Lewis's Moneyball, had a problem how to win in the Major Leagues with a budget that's smaller than that of nearly every other team. Conventional wisdom long held that big name, highly athletic hitters and young pitchers with rocket arms were the ticket to success. But Beane and his staff, buoyed by massive amounts of carefully interpreted statistical data, believed that wins could be had by more affordable methods such as hitters with high on-base percentage and pitchers who get lots of ground outs. Given this information and a tight budget, Beane defied tradition and his own scouting department to build winning teams of young affordable players and inexpensive castoff veterans.Lewis was in the room with the A's top management as they spent the summer of 2002 adding and subtracting players and he provides outstanding play-by-play. In the June player draft, Beane acquired nearly every prospect he coveted (few of whom were coveted by other teams) and at the July trading deadline he engaged in a tense battle of nerves to acquire a lefty reliever. Besides being one of the most insider accounts ever written about baseball, Moneyball is populated with fascinating characters. We meet Jeremy Brown, an overweight college catcher who most teams project to be a 15th round draft pick (Beane takes him in the first). Sidearm pitcher Chad Bradford is plucked from the White Sox triple-A club to be a key set-up man and catcher Scott Hatteberg is rebuilt as a first baseman. But the most interesting character is Beane himself. A speedy athletic can't-miss prospect who somehow missed, Beane reinvents himself as a front-office guru, relying on players completely unlike, say, Billy Beane. Lewis, one of the top nonfiction writers of his era (Liar's Poker, The New New Thing), offers highly accessible explanations of baseball stats and his roadmap of Beane's economic approach makes Moneyball an appealing reading experience for business people and sports fans alike. --John Moe(less)"
The Deal,sports,4,"An alternative cover edition can be found here.She's about to make a deal with the college bad boy...Hannah Wells has finally found someone who turns her on. But while she might be confident in every other area of her life, she's carting around a full set of baggage when it comes to sex and seduction. If she wants to get her crush's attention, she'll have to step out of her comfort zone and make him take notice... even if it means tutoring the annoying, childish, cocky captain of the hockey team in exchange for a pretend date....and it's going to be oh so good.All Garrett Graham has ever wanted is to play professional hockey after graduation, but his plummeting GPA is threatening everything he's worked so hard for. If helping a sarcastic brunette make another guy jealous will help him secure his position on the team, he's all for it. But when one unexpected kiss leads to the wildest sex of both their lives, it doesn't take long for Garrett to realize that pretend isn't going to cut it. Now he just has to convince Hannah that the man she wants looks a lot like him. (less)"
The Wall of Winnipeg and Me,sports,3,"Vanessa Mazur knows she's doing the right thing. She shouldn't feel bad for quitting. Being an assistanthousekeeperfairy godmother to the top defensive end in the National Football Organization was always supposed to be temporary. She has plans and none of them include washing extra-large underwear longer than necessary.But when Aiden Graves shows up at her door wanting her to come back, she's beyond shocked.For two years, the man known as The Wall of Winnipeg couldn't find it in him to tell her good morning or congratulate her on her birthday. Now He's asking for the unthinkable.What do you say to the man who is used to getting everything he wants (less)"
Kulti,sports,3,"Trust me, Ive wanted to punch you in the face a time or five.When the man you worshipped as a kid becomes your coach, its supposed to be the greatest thing in the world. Keywords supposed to.It didn't take a week for 27-year-old Sal Casillas to wonder what she'd seen in the international soccer icon - why she'd ever had his posters on her wall or ever envisioned marrying him and having super-playing soccer babies.Sal had long ago gotten over the worst non-break-up in the history of imaginary relationships with a man who hadn't known she'd existed. So she isn't prepared for this version of Reiner Kulti who shows up to her team's season a quiet, reclusive shadow of the explosive, passionate man he'd once been. (less)"
The Mistake,sports,1,"Hes a player in more ways than oneCollege junior John Logan can get any girl he wants. For this hockey star, life is a parade of parties and hook-ups, but behind his killer grins and easygoing charm, he hides growing despair about the dead-end road hell be forced to walk after graduation. A sexy encounter with freshman Grace Ivers is just the distraction he needs, but when a thoughtless mistake pushes her away, Logan plans to spend his final year proving to her that hes worth a second chance.Now hes going to need to up his gameAfter a less than stellar freshman year, Grace is back at Briar University, older, wiser, and so over the arrogant hockey player she nearly handed her V-card to. Shes not a charity case, and shes not the quiet butterfly she was when they first hooked up. If Logan expects her to roll over and beg like all his other puck bunnies, he can think again. He wants her back Hell have to work for it. This time around, shell be the one in the drivers seatand she plans on driving him wild. (less)"
The Score,sports,3,"He knows how to score, on and off the iceAllie Hayes is in crisis mode. With graduation looming, she still doesnt have the first clue about what shes going to do after college. To make matters worse, shes nursing a broken heart thanks to the end of her longtime relationship. Wild rebound sex is definitely not the solution to her problems, but gorgeous hockey star Dean Di Laurentis is impossible to resist. Just once, though, because even if her future is uncertain, it sure as heck wont include the king of one-night stands.Itll take more than flashy moves to win her overDean always gets what he wants. Girls, grades, girls, recognition, girlshes a ladies man, all right, and hes yet to meet a woman whos immune to his charms. Until Allie. For one night, the feisty blonde rocked his entire worldand now she wants to be friends Nope. Its not over until he says its over. Dean is in full-on pursuit, but when life-rocking changes strike, he starts to wonder if maybe its time to stop focusing on scoringand shoot for love. (less)"
"Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen",sports,3,"Full of incredible characters, amazing athletic achievements, cutting-edge science, and, most of all, pure inspiration, Born to Run is an epic adventure that began with one simple question Why does my foot hurt In search of an answer, Christopher McDougall sets off to find a tribe of the worlds greatest distance runners and learn their secrets, and in the process shows us that everything we thought we knew about running is wrong.Isolated by the most savage terrain in North America, the reclusive Tarahumara Indians of Mexicos deadly Copper Canyons are custodians of a lost art. For centuries they have practiced techniques that allow them to run hundreds of miles without rest and chase down anything from a deer to an Olympic marathoner while enjoying every mile of it. Their superhuman talent is matched by uncanny health and serenity, leaving the Tarahumara immune to the diseases and strife that plague modern existence. With the help of Caballo Blanco, a mysterious loner who lives among the tribe, the author was able not only to uncover the secrets of the Tarahumara but also to find his own inner ultra-athlete, as he trained for the challenge of a lifetime a fifty-mile race through the heart of Tarahumara country pitting the tribe against an odd band of Americans, including a star ultramarathoner, a beautiful young surfer, and a barefoot wonder.With a sharp wit and wild exuberance, McDougall takes us from the high-tech science labs at Harvard to the sun-baked valleys and freezing peaks across North America, where ever-growing numbers of ultrarunners are pushing their bodies to the limit, and, finally, to the climactic race in the Copper Canyons. Born to Run is that rare book that will not only engage your mind but inspire your body when you realize that the secret to happiness is right at your feet, and that you, indeed all of us, were born to run. (less)"
Him,sports,5,"They dont play for the same team. Or do theyJamie Canning has never been able to figure out how he lost his closest friend. Four years ago, his tattooed, wise-cracking, rule-breaking roommate cut him off without an explanation. So what if things got a little weird on the last night of hockey camp the summer they were eighteen It was just a little drunken foolishness. Nobody died.Ryan Wesleys biggest regret is coaxing his very straight friend into a bet that pushed the boundaries of their relationship. Now, with their college teams set to face off at the national championship, hell finally get a chance to apologize. But all it takes is one look at his longtime crush, and the ache is stronger than ever.Jamie has waited a long time for answers, but walks away with only more questionscan one night of sex ruin a friendship If not, how about six more weeks of it When Wesley turns up to coach alongside Jamie for one more hot summer at camp, Jamie has a few things to discover about his old friend... and a big one to learn about himself.Warning contains sexual situations, skinnydipping, shenanigans in an SUV and proof that coming out to your family on social media is a dicey proposition. (less)"
Pucked,sports,1,"With a famous NHL player for a stepbrother, Violet Hall is well acquainted with the playboy reputation of many a hockey star. So of course she isn't interested in legendary team captain Alex Waters or his pretty, beat-up face and rock-hard six-pack abs. But when Alex inadvertently obliterates Violet's misapprehension regarding the inferior intellect of hockey players, he becomes much more than just a hot body with the face to match. Suffering from a complete lapse in judgment, Violet discovers just how good Alex is with the hockey stick in his pants.Violet believes her night of orgasmic magic with Alex is just that one night. But Alex starts to call. And text. And email and send extravagant - and quirky - gifts. Suddenly he's too difficult to ignore and nearly impossible not to like. The problem is, the media portrays Alex as a total player, and Violet doesn't want to be part of the game. (less)"
From Lukov with Love,sports,3,"If someone were to ask Jasmine Santos to describe the last few years of her life with a single word, it would definitely be a four-letter one.After seventeen yearsand countless broken bones and broken promisesshe knows her window to compete in figure skating is coming to a close.But when the offer of a lifetime comes in from an arrogant idiot shes spent the last decade dreaming about pushing in the way of a moving bus, Jasmine might have to reconsider everything.Including Ivan Lukov. (less)"
The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold at the 1936 Berlin Olympics,sports,5,"For readers of Laura Hillenbrand's Seabiscuit and Unbroken, the dramatic story of the American rowing team that stunned the world at Hitler's 1936 Berlin Olympics.Daniel James Brown's robust book tells the story of the University of Washington's 1936 eight-oar crew and their epic quest for an Olympic gold medal, a team that transformed the sport and grabbed the attention of millions of Americans. The sons of loggers, shipyard workers, and farmers, the boys defeated elite rivals first from eastern and British universities and finally the German crew rowing for Adolf Hitler in the Olympic games in Berlin, 1936.The emotional heart of the story lies with one rower, Joe Rantz, a teenager without family or prospects, who rows not for glory, but to regain his shattered self-regard and to find a place he can call home. The crew is assembled by an enigmatic coach and mentored by a visionary, eccentric British boat builder, but it is their trust in each other that makes them a victorious team. They remind the country of what can be done when everyone quite literally pulls togethera perfect melding of commitment, determination, and optimism.Drawing on the boys' own diaries and journals, their photos and memories of a once-in-a-lifetime shared dream, The Boys in the Boat is an irresistible story about beating the odds and finding hope in the most desperate of timesthe improbable, intimate story of nine working-class boys from the American west who, in the depths of the Great Depression, showed the world what true grit really meant. It will appeal to readers of Erik Larson, Timothy Egan, James Bradley, and David Halberstam's The Amateurs.(less)"
The Blind Side,sports,4,"When we first meet Michael Oher, he is one of thirteen children by a mother addicted to crack he does not know his real name, his father, his birthday, or how to read or write. He takes up football and school after a rich, white, Evangelical family plucks him from the streets. Then two great forces alter Oher the family's love and the evolution of professional football itself into a game in which the quarterback must be protected at any cost. Our protagonist becomes the priceless package of size, speed, and agility necessary to guard the quarterback's greatest vulnerability his blind side. (less)"
"Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream",sports,5,"Return once again to the enduring account of life in the Mojo lane, to the Permian Panthers of Odessa -- the winningest high school football team in Texas history. Odessa is not known to be a town big on dreams, but the Panthers help keep the hopes and dreams of this small, dusty town going. Socially and racially divided, its fragile economy follows the treacherous boom-bust path of the oil business.In bad times, the unemployment rate barrels out of control in good times, its murder rate skyrockets. But every Friday night from September to December, when the Permian High School Panthers play football, this West Texas town becomes a place where dreams can come true. With frankness and compassion, Bissinger chronicles one of the Panthers' dramatic seasons and shows how single-minded devotion to the team shapes the community and inspires-and sometimes shatters-the teenagers who wear the Panthers' uniforms. Includes Reader's Group Guide inside. Now a major motion picture starring Billy Bob Thorton.(less)"
The Hook Up,sports,1,"The rules no kissing on the mouth, no staying the night, no telling anyone, and above all No falling in loveAnna Jones just wants to finish college and figure out her life. Falling for star quarterback Drew Baylor is certainly not on her to do list. Confident and charming, he lives in the limelight and is way too gorgeous for his own good. If only she could ignore his heated stares and stop thinking about doing hot and dirty things with him. Easy, rightToo bad hes committed to making her break every ruleFootball has been good to Drew. Its given him recognition, two National Championships, and the Heisman. But what he really craves is sexy yet prickly Anna Jones. Her cutting humor and blatant disregard for his fame turns him on like nothing else. But theres one problem she's shut him down. Completely.That is until a chance encounter leads to the hottest sex of their lives, along with the possibility of something great. Unfortunately, Anna wants it to remain a hook up. Now its up to Drew to tempt her with more more sex, more satisfaction, more time with him. Until shes truly hooked. It's a good thing Drew knows all about winning.Alls fair in love and footballGame on (less)"
The Goal,sports,4,"Alternate cover edition for 9781533344342Shes good at achieving her goalsCollege senior Sabrina James has her whole future planned out graduate from college, kick butt in law school, and land a high-paying job at a cutthroat firm. Her path to escaping her shameful past certainly doesnt include a gorgeous hockey player who believes in love at first sight. One night of sizzling heat and surprising tenderness is all shes willing to give John Tucker, but sometimes, one night is all it takes for your entire life to change.But the game just got a whole lot more complicatedTucker believes being a team player is as important as being the star. On the ice, hes fine staying out of the spotlight, but when it comes to becoming a daddy at the age of twenty-two, he refuses to be a bench warmer. It doesnt hurt that the soon-to-be mother of his child is beautiful, whip-smart, and keeps him on his toes. The problem is, Sabrinas heart is locked up tight, and the fiery brunette is too stubborn to accept his help. If he wants a life with the woman of his dreams, hell have to convince her that some goals can only be made with an assist. (less)"
The Baller,sports,4,"From New York Times  USA Today Bestseller, Vi Keeland, comes a sexy new standalone novel.The first time I met Brody Easton was in the men's locker room.It was my first interview as a professional sportscaster.The famed quarterback decided to bare all.And by all, I don't mean he told me any of his secrets.No. The arrogant ass decided to drop his towel, just as I asked the first question. On camera.The Super Bowl MVP quickly adopted a new hobby--screwing with me.When I pushed back, he shifted from wanting to screw with me, to wanting to screw me.But I don't date players.And it's not because I'm one of the few women working in the world of professional football.I'd date an athlete.It's the other kind of player I don't date.You know the type. Good looking, strong, cocky, always looking to get laid.Brody Easton was the ultimate player.Every woman wanted to be the one to change him.But the truth was, all he needed was a girl worth changing for.Turned out, I was that girl.Simple right Let's face it. It never is.There's a story between once upon a time and happily ever after...And this one is ours.Author's note - The Baller is a full-length standalone novel. Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18. (less)"
Open,sports,4,"From Andre Agassi, one of the most beloved athletes in history and one of the most gifted men ever to step onto a tennis court, a beautiful, haunting autobiography.Agassis incredibly rigorous training begins when he is just a child. By the age of thirteen, he is banished to a Florida tennis camp that feels like a prison camp. Lonely, scared, a ninth-grade dropout, he rebels in ways that will soon make him a 1980s icon. He dyes his hair, pierces his ears, dresses like a punk rocker. By the time he turns pro at sixteen, his new look promises to change tennis forever, as does his lightning-fast return.And yet, despite his raw talent, he struggles early on. We feel his confusion as he loses to the worlds best, his greater confusion as he starts to win. After stumbling in three Grand Slam finals, Agassi shocks the world, and himself, by capturing the 1992 Wimbledon. Overnight he becomes a fan favorite and a media target.Agassi brings a near-photographic memory to every pivotal match and every relationship. Never before has the inner game of tennis and the outer game of fame been so precisely limned. Alongside vivid portraits of rivals from several generationsJimmy Connors, Pete Sampras, Roger FedererAgassi gives unstinting accounts of his brief time with Barbra Streisand and his doomed marriage to Brooke Shields. He reveals a shattering loss of confidence. And he recounts his spectacular resurrection, a comeback climaxing with his epic run at the 1999 French Open and his march to become the oldest man ever ranked number one.In clear, taut prose, Agassi evokes his loyal brother, his wise coach, his gentle trainer, all the people who help him regain his balance and find love at last with Stefanie Graf. Inspired by her quiet strength, he fights through crippling pain from a deteriorating spine to remain a dangerous opponent in the twenty-first and final year of his career. Entering his last tournament in 2006, hes hailed for completing a stunning metamorphosis, from nonconformist to elder statesman, from dropout to education advocate. And still hes not done. At a U.S. Open for the ages, he makes a courageous last stand, then delivers one of the most stirring farewells ever heard in a sporting arena.With its breakneck tempo and raw candor, Open will be read and cherished for years. A treat for ardent fans, it will also captivate readers who know nothing about tennis. Like Agassis game, it sets a new standard for grace, style, speed, and power. (less)"
The Crossover,sports,1,"With a bolt of lightning on my kicks . . .The court is SIZZLING. My sweat is DRIZZLING. Stop all that quivering. Cuz tonight I'm delivering, announces dread-locked, 12-year old Josh Bell. He and his twin brother Jordan are awesome on the court. But Josh has more than basketball in his blood, he's got mad beats, too, that tell his family's story in verse, in this fast and furious middle grade novel of family and brotherhood.Josh and Jordan must come to grips with growing up on and off the court to realize breaking the rules comes at a terrible price, as their story's heart-stopping climax proves a game-changer for the entire family. (less)"
The Chase,sports,5,"Everyone says opposites attract. And they must be right, because theres no logical reason why Im so drawn to Colin Fitzgerald. I dont usually go for tattoo-covered, video-gaming, hockey-playing nerd-jocks who think Im flighty and superficial. His narrow view of me is the first strike against him. It doesnt help that hes buddy-buddy with my brother.And that his best friend has a crush on me.And that I just moved in with them.Oh, did I not mention were roommatesI suppose it doesnt matter. Fitzy has made it clear hes not interested in me, even though the sparks between us are liable to burn our house down. Im not the kind of girl who chases after a man, though, and Im not about to start. Ive got my hands full dealing with a new school, a sleazy professor, and an uncertain future. So if my sexy brooding roomie wises up and realizes what hes missingHe knows where to find me. (less)"
Alex,sports,2,"Hockey star Alexander Crossman has a reputation as a cold-hearted player on and off the rink. Pushed into the sport by an alcoholic father, Alex isn't afraid to give fans the proverbial middle finger, relishing his role as the MVP they love to hate. Management, however, isn't so amused. Now Alex has a choice fix his public image through community service or ride the bench. But Alex refuses to be molded into the Carolina Cold Fury poster boy... not even by a tempting redhead with killer curves.As a social worker, Sutton Price is accustomed to difficult people--like Alex, who's been assigned to help her create a drug-abuse awareness program for at-risk youth as part of the team's effort to clean up his image. What she doesn't expect is the arrogant smirk from his perfect lips to stir her most heated fantasies. But Sutton isn't one to cross professional boundaries--and besides, Alex doesn't do relationships... or does he The more she sees behind Alex's bad-boy facade, the more Sutton craves the man she uncovers. (less)"
The Book of Basketball: The NBA According to The Sports Guy,sports,1,"There is only one writer on the planet who possesses enough basketball knowledge and passion to write the definitive book on the NBA. Bill Simmons, the from-the-womb hoops addict known to millions as ESPN.coms Sports Guy, is that writer. And The Book of Basketball is that book.Nowhere in the roundball universe will you find another single volume that covers as much in such depth as this wildly opinionated and thoroughly entertaining look at the past, present, and future of pro basketball.From the age-old question of who actually won the rivalry between Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlain to the one about which team was truly the best of all time, Simmons opensand then closes, once and for allevery major pro basketball debate. Then he takes it further by completely reevaluating not only how NBA Hall of Fame inductees should be chosen but how the institution must be reshaped from the ground up, the result being the Pyramid Simmonss one-of-a-kind, five-level shrine to the ninety-six greatest players in the history of pro basketball. And ultimately he takes fans to the heart of it all, as he uses a conversation with one NBA great to uncover that coveted thing The Secret of Basketball.Comprehensive, authoritative, controversial, hilarious, and impossible to put down (even for Celtic-haters), The Book of Basketball offers every hardwood fan a courtside seat beside the games finest, funniest, and fiercest chronicler. More to the point, hes the only one crazy enough to try to pull it off.(less)"
Ball Four,sports,5,"Twentieth-anniversary edition of a baseball classic, with a new epilogue by Jim Bouton.When first published in 1970, Ball Four stunned the sports world. The commissioner, executives, and players were shocked. Sportswriters called author Jim Bouton a traitor and social leper. Baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn tried to force him to declare the book untrue. Fans, however, loved the book. And serious critics called it an important social document. Today, Jim Bouton is still not invited to Oldtimer's Days at Yankee Stadium. But his landmark book is still being read by people who don't ordinarily follow baseball. (less)"
The Friend Zone,sports,5,"Gray doesnt make friends with women. He has sex with them. Until Ivy.The last thing star tight-end Gray Grayson wants to do is drive his agents daughters bubblegum pink car. But he needs the wheels and shes studying abroad. Something he explains when she sends him an irate text to let him know exactly how much pain shell put him in if he crashes her beloved ride. Before he knows it, Ivy Mackenzie has become his best texting bud. But then Ivy comes home and everything goes haywire. Because the only thing Gray can think of is being with Ivy.Ivy doesnt have sex with friends. Especially not with a certain football player. No matter how hot he makes herGray drives Ivy crazy. Hes irreverent, sex on a stick, and completely off limits. Because, Ivy has one golden rule never get involved with one of her fathers clients. A rule thats proving harder to keep now that Gray is doing his best to seduce her. Her best friend is fast becoming the most irresistible guy shes ever met.Which means Gray is going to have to use all his skills to get himself out of the friend zone and into Ivys heart. Game on (less)"
The Perfect Play,sports,2,"Football pro Mick Riley is an all-star, both on the field and in the bedroom. But a sexy, determinedly single mom just might be the one to throw him off his game...For years Mick has been taking full advantage of the life available to a pro athlete fame, fortune, and a different girl in every city. But when he meets and beds confident, beautiful event planner Tara Lincoln, he wants much more than the typical one-night stand. Too bad Tara's not interested in getting to know football's most notorious playboy any better.As the single mother of a teenage son, the last thing Tara needs is the jet-set lifestyle of Mick Riley even though their steamy and passionate one-night stand was unforgettable. Tara's life is complicated enough without being thrust into the spotlight as Mick's latest girl du jour. Tara played the game of love once and lost big, and she doesn't intend to put herself out there again, especially with a heartbreaker like Mick.But when Mick sets his mind to win, nothing will stop him. And he has the perfect play in mind. (less)"
The Risk,sports,2,"A sexy standalone novel from New York Times and international bestselling author Elle Kennedy. THE RISK takes you back to the world of hot hockey players, feisty heroines, bro banter, and steamy scenes...Everyone says Im a bad girl. Theyre only partly rightI dont let fear rule me, and I certainly dont care what people think. But I draw the line at sleeping with the enemy. As the daughter of Briars head hockey coach, Id be vilified if I hooked up with a player from a rival team.And thats who Jake Connelly is. Harvards star forward is arrogant, annoying, and too attractive for his own good. But fate is cruelI require his help to secure a much-coveted internship, and the sexy jerk isnt making it easy for me.I need Connelly to be my fake boyfriend.For every fake datehe wants a real one.Which means this bad girl is in big trouble. Nothing good can come from sneaking around with Jake Connelly. My father would kill me, my friends will revolt, and my post-college career is on the line. But while its getting harder and harder to resist Jakes oozing sex appeal and cocky grin, I refuse to fall for him.Thats the one risk Im not willing to take. (less)"
The Game Plan,sports,4,"A beard-related dare and one hot-as-hell kiss changes everything.NFL center Ethan Dexters focus has always been on playing football and little else. Except when it comes to one particular woman. The lovely Fiona Mackenzie might not care about his fame, but shes also never looked at him as anything more than one of her brother-in-laws best friend. That ends now.Fi doesnt know what to make of Dex. The bearded, tattooed, mountain of man-muscle looks more like a biker than a football player. Rumor has it hes a virgin, but she finds that hard to believe. Because from the moment he decides to turn his quiet intensity on her shes left weak at the knees and aching to see his famous control fully unleashed.Dex is looking for a forever girl, but they live vastly different lives in separate cities. Fi ought to guard her heart and walk away. But Dex has upped his game and is using all his considerable charm to convince Fi he's her forever man.Game On (less)"
Beartown,sports,5,"The #1 New York Times bestselling author of A Man Called Ove returns with a dazzling, profound novel about a small town with a big dreamand the price required to make it come true.People say Beartown is finished. A tiny community nestled deep in the forest, it is slowly losing ground to the ever encroaching trees. But down by the lake stands an old ice rink, built generations ago by the working men who founded this town. And in that ice rink is the reason people in Beartown believe tomorrow will be better than today. Their junior ice hockey team is about to compete in the national semi-finals, and they actually have a shot at winning. All the hopes and dreams of this place now rest on the shoulders of a handful of teenage boys.Being responsible for the hopes of an entire town is a heavy burden, and the semi-final match is the catalyst for a violent act that will leave a young girl traumatized and a town in turmoil. Accusations are made and, like ripples on a pond, they travel through all of Beartown, leaving no resident unaffected.Beartown explores the hopes that bring a small community together, the secrets that tear it apart, and the courage it takes for an individual to go against the grain. In this story of a small forest town, Fredrik Backman has found the entire world. (less)"
Us,sports,2,"Can your favorite hockey players finish their first season together undefeatedFive months in, NHL forward Ryan Wesley is having a record-breaking rookie season. Hes living his dream of playing pro hockey and coming home every night to the man he lovesJamie Canning, his longtime best friend turned boyfriend. Theres just one problem the most important relationship of his life is one he needs to keep hidden, or else face a media storm that will eclipse his success on the ice.Jamie loves Wes. He really, truly does. But hiding sucks. Its not the life Jamie envisioned for himself, and the strain of keeping their secret is taking its toll. It doesnt help that his new job isnt going as smoothly as hed hoped, but he knows he can power through it as long as he has Wes. At least apartment 10B is their retreat, where they can always be themselves.Or can theyWhen Wess nosiest teammate moves in upstairs, the threads of their carefully woven lie begin to unravel. With the outside world determined to take its best shot at them, can Wes and Jamie develop major-league relationship skills on the flyWarning contains sexual situations, a vibrating chair, long-distance sexytimes and proof that hockey players look hot in any shade of green. (less)"
Ghost,sports,4,"Running. That's all that Ghost (real name Castle Cranshaw) has ever known. But never for a track team. Nope, his game has always been ball. But when Ghost impulsively challenges an elite sprinter to a raceand winsthe Olympic medalist track coach sees he has something crazy natural talent. Thing is, Ghost has something else a lot of anger, and a past that he is trying to outrun. Can Ghost harness his raw talent for speed and meld with the team, or will his past finally catch up to him (less)"
The Art of Fielding,sports,5,"At Westish College, a small school on the shore of Lake Michigan, baseball star Henry Skrimshander seems destined for big league stardom. But when a routine throw goes disastrously off course, the fates of five people are upended.Henry's fight against self-doubt threatens to ruin his future. College president Guert Affenlight, a longtime bachelor, has fallen unexpectedly and helplessly in love. Owen Dunne, Henry's gay roommate and teammate, becomes caught up in a dangerous affair. Mike Schwartz, the Harpooners' team captain and Henry's best friend, realizes he has guided Henry's career at the expense of his own. And Pella Affenlight, Guert's daughter, returns to Westish after escaping an ill-fated marriage, determined to start a new life.As the season counts down to its climactic final game, these five are forced to confront their deepest hopes, anxieties, and secrets. In the process they forge new bonds, and help one another find their true paths. Written with boundless intelligence and filled with the tenderness of youth, The Art of Fielding is an expansive, warmhearted novel about ambition and its limits, about family and friendship and love, and about commitment - to oneself and to others. (less)"
The Foxhole Court,sports,3,"Neil Josten is the newest addition to the Palmetto State University Exy team. He's short, he's fast, he's got a ton of potentialand he's the runaway son of the murderous crime lord known as The Butcher.Signing a contract with the PSU Foxes is the last thing a guy like Neil should do. The team is high profile and he doesn't need sports crews broadcasting pictures of his face around the nation. His lies will hold up only so long under this kind of scrutiny and the truth will get him killed.But Neil's not the only one with secrets on the team. One of Neil's new teammates is a friend from his old life, and Neil can't walk away from him a second time. Neil has survived the last eight years by running. Maybe he's finally found someone and something worth fighting for. (less)"
It Had to Be You,sports,1,"What if a woman who knows nothing about sports inherits a professional football team The Windy City definitely isn't ready for Phoebe Somerville, the outrageous York knockout whos taking over their home town team. And Phoebe is definitely not prepared for the Stars' head coach Dan Calebow, a sexist jock taskmaster with a one-track mind. This is the book that began it all. The Chicago Stars are about to take the field... and theyre not the only ones playing for keeps. (less)"
Seabiscuit: An American Legend,sports,5,"There's an alternate cover edition hereSeabiscuit was one of the most electrifying and popular attractions in sports history and the single biggest newsmaker in the world in 1938, receiving more coverage than FDR, Hitler, or Mussolini. But his success was a surprise to the racing establishment, which had written off the crooked-legged racehorse with the sad tail. Three men changed Seabiscuits fortunesCharles Howard was a onetime bicycle repairman who introduced the automobile to the western United States and became an overnight millionaire. When he needed a trainer for his new racehorses, he hired Tom Smith, a mysterious mustang breaker from the Colorado plains. Smith urged Howard to buy Seabiscuit for a bargain-basement price, then hired as his jockey Red Pollard, a failed boxer who was blind in one eye, half-crippled, and prone to quoting passages from Ralph Waldo Emerson. Over four years, these unlikely partners survived a phenomenal run of bad fortune, conspiracy, and severe injury to transform Seabiscuit from a neurotic, pathologically indolent also-ran into an American sports icon.Author Laura Hillenbrand brilliantly re-creates a universal underdog story, one that proves life is a horse race.From the Hardcover edition. (less)"
Scoring Wilder,sports,3,"What started out as a joke seduce Coach Wildersoon became a goal she had to score.With Olympic tryouts on the horizon, the last thing nineteen-year-old Kinsley Bryant needs to add to her plate is Liam Wilder. He's a professional soccer player, America's favorite bad-boy, and has all the qualities of a skilled panty-dropper. A face that makes girls weep  check. Abs that can shred Parmesan cheese (the expensive kind)  check. Enough confidence to shift the earths gravitational pull  double check.Not to mention Liam is strictly off limits . Forbidden. Her coaches have made that perfectly clear. (i.e. Score with Coach Wilder anywhere other than the field and youll be cut from the team faster than you can count his tattoos.) But that just makes him all the more enticingBesides, Kinsley's already counted the visible ones, and she is not one to leave a project unfinished.Kinsley tries to play the game her way as they navigate through forbidden territory, but Liam is determined to teach her a whole new definition for the term team bonding.A fun  sexy New Adult Romance (age 17+) (less)"
Taking Shots,sports,3,"Elli Fisher has never thought she was good enough, let it be her job, her weight, her love life, nothing. That is until she meets Shea Adler. After doing a promotional shoot for the NHL team, the Assassins, she meets the hunky hockey player who shoots a puck, shattering her world.Shea Adler was tired of the life he was living outside of the rink. The girls, the money blowing, the drinking, everything had to stop and it all did when he met Eleanor Fisher. He had never met anyone like her. She was feisty, witty, shy, and simply gorgeous. When he laid eyes on her, it was as if he was taking the hardest hit of his life into the boards, and he had to have her. Elli is a little skeptical of Shea, but he knows that they were meant to be together, and he needed her in his life.Can Elli throw her insecurities out the window and love Shea with everything inside of her, or will she let a past relationship, and her family ruin any chance of her being happy. (less)"
Enemies,sports,1,"Stone Reeves was my neighbor, and I've hated him since sixth grade.Gorgeous and charismatic, he became the town's football god, while I became the town's invisible girl.He went to a Division 1 school for football, while my father was fired by his father.His team won the National Championship, while my mother died the same day.He was a first round pick for the NFL ...... while I made the worst decision of my life.Now I'm in Texas trying to pick up the pieces of my life.But, Stone is here.Stone is everywhere.It doesn't matter that disaster has struck my life again.It doesn't matter that he's the one trying to console me.It doesn't matter that he's the nation's newest football obsession.Because for me, he always has been and always will be my enemy. Enemies is a 100k enemies-to-lovers football romance standalone! (less)"
Good Boy,sports,5,"Hosting her brothers wedding for an MVP guest list is the challenge of Jess Cannings life. Already the family screw-up, she cant afford to fail. And nobody - absolutely nobody! - can learn of the colossal mistake she made with the best man during a weak moment last spring. It was wrong, and there will not be a repeat. Absolutely not. Even if he is the sexiest thing on two legs.Blake Riley sees the wedding as fates gift to him. Jess is the maid of honor, and hes the best man Let the games begin. So what if hes facing a little (fine, a lot) of resistance He just needs to convince the stubborn blonde that hes really a good boy with a bad rap. Luckily, every professional hockey player knows that youve got to make an effort if you want to score.But Jess has more pressing issues to deal with than sexy-times with a giant man-child. Such as Will the ceremony start on time, even though someone got grandma drunk Does glitter ever belong at a wedding And is it wrong to murder the best manCaution May cause accidental aspiration of tea or coffee. Do not read in a public place where loud laughter is inappropriate. Contains hot but hilarious hockey players, puppy cuddling and a snarky pair of underwear. (less)"
Long Shot,sports,3,"A Standalone FORBIDDEN LOVE SET IN THE EXPLOSIVE WORLD OF THE NBA...Think you know what it's like being a baller's girlYou don't.My fairy tale is upside down.A happily never after.I kissed the prince and he turned into a fraud.I was a fool, and his love - fool's gold.Now there's a new player in the game, August West.One of the NBA's brightest stars.Fine. Forbidden.He wants me. I want him.But my past, my fraudulent prince, just won't let me go.Contains domesticsexual abuse not involving the hero. Read reviews for further guidance. (less)"
Sacked,sports,3,"What he wants he gets...Knox Masters is a quarterback's worst nightmare. Warrior. Champion. And...virgin. Knox knows what he wants--and he gets it. All American Football player Check. NFL pros scouting him Check. Now, he's set his sight on two things. The national title. And Ellie Campbell. Sure, she's the sister of his fellow teammate, but that's not going to stop him. Especially not when hes convinced Ellie is the one....but he's never met her before.But Ellie isn't as sure. She's trying to start a new life and she's not interested in a relationship...with anyone. Beside it's not just her cardinal rule of never dating her brother's teammates that keeps her away, but Ellie has a dark secret that would jeopardize everything Knox is pursuing.Knox has no intention of losing. Ellie has no intention of giving in. (less)"
The Hooker and the Hermit,sports,3,"Book #1 in the USA TODAY BESTSELLING Rugby SeriesNew Yorks FinestBlogging as The SocialmedialiteApril 22LADIES AND GENTS! I have an announcement!You know that guy I featured on my blog a few months ago The really, really hot Irish rugby player who plays the position of hooker in the RLI (Rugby League International) The one with the anger management issues, the body of a gladiator and the face of a movie star The one with the questionable fashion choices leading me to ask whether he was the lovechild of a leprechaun and a hobbit Ronan Fitzpatrick Yeah, that guy.Well, I have a confession to makeTHE HERMITAnnie Catrel, social media expert extraordinaire at Davidson  Croft Media and clandestine celebrity blogger, can make anyone shine in the court of public opinion. She is the Socialmedialite, anonymous creator of New Yorks Finest and the internets darling. Virtual reality is Annies forte, but actual reality Not so much.THE HOOKERRonan Fitzpatrick, aka the best hooker the world of rugby has seen in decades, despises the mediasocial or otherwise. The press has spun a web of lies depicting him as rugbys wild and reckless bad boy. Suspended from his team, Ronan has come to Manhattan to escape the drama, lay low, fly under the radar. Only, Ronan isnt easy to overlook, and he cant escape the notice of the SocialmedialiteTHE PLANWhen Ronan is sent to Davidson  Croft Media to reshape his public image, he never expects to cross paths with shy but beautiful Annie, nor does he expect his fierce attraction to her. He couldnt be happier when her boss suggests pairing them together.What lengths will Annie take to keep her virtual identity concealed And what happens when the hooker discovers who the hermit really is (less)"
The Year We Fell Down,sports,4,"Alternate cover for this ASIN can be found hereThe sport she loves is out of reach. The boy she loves has someone else. What now She expected to start Harkness College as a varsity ice hockey player. But a serious accident means that Corey Callahan will start school in a wheelchair instead. Across the hall, in the other handicapped-accessible dorm room, lives the too-delicious-to-be real Adam Hartley, another would-be hockey star with his leg broken in two places. He's way out of Corey's league. Also, he's taken. Nevertheless, an unlikely alliance blooms between Corey and Hartley in McHerrin Hall. Over tequila, perilously balanced dining hall trays, and video games, the two cope with disappointments that nobody else understands. They're just friends, of course, until one night when things fall apart. Or fall together. All Corey knows is that she's falling. Hard. But will Hartley set aside his trophy girl to love someone as broken as Corey If he won't, she will need to find the courage to make a life for herself at Harkness -- one which does not revolve around the sport she can no longer play, or the brown-eyed boy who's afraid to love her back. (less)"
The Boys of Summer,sports,2,"This is a book about young men who learned to play baseball during the 1930s and 1940s, and then went on to play for one of the most exciting major-league ball clubs ever fielded, the team that broke the color barrier with Jackie Robinson. It is a book by and about a sportswriter who grew up near Ebbets Field, and who had the good fortune in the 1950s to cover the Dodgers for the Herald Tribune. This is a book about what happened to Jackie, Carl Erskine, Pee Wee Reese, and the others when their glory days were behind them. In short, it is a book about America, about fathers and sons, prejudice and courage, triumph and disaster, and told with warmth, humor, wit, candor, and love. (less)"
Sweet Home,sports,2,"At age twenty, Molly Shakespeare knows a lot.She knows Descartes and Kant.She knows academia and Oxford.She knows that the people who love you leave you.She knows how to be alone.But when Molly leaves England's grey skies behind to start a new life at the University of Alabama, she finds that she has a lot to learn  she didn't know a summer could be so hot, she didn't know students could be so intimidating, and she certainly didn't know just how much the folks of Alabama love their football.When a chance encounter with notorious star quarterback, Romeo Prince, leaves her unable to think of anything but his chocolate-brown eyes, dirty-blond hair and perfect physique, Molly soon realises that her quiet, solitary life is about to dramatically change forever...Mature New Adult novel  contains adult content, highly sexual situations and mature topics. Suited for ages 18 and up (less)"
Real,sports,1,"A fallen boxer.A woman with a broken dream.A competition...He even makes me forget my name. One night was all it took, and I forgot everything and anything except the sexy fighter in the ring who sets my mind ablaze and my body on fire with wanting...Remington Tate is the strongest, most confusing man I've ever met in my life.Hes the star of the dangerous underground fighting circuit, and Im drawn to him as I've never been drawn to anything in my life. I forget who I am, what I want, with just one look from him. When hes near, I need to remind myself that I am strongbut he is stronger. And now its my job to keep his body working like a perfect machine, his taut muscles primed and ready to break the bones of his next opponents...But the one hes most threatening to, now, is me.I want him. I want him without fear. Without reservations.If only I knew for sure what it is that he wants from me (less)"
The Understatement of the Year,sports,3,"What happened in high school stayed in high school. Until now.Five years ago, Michael Graham betrayed the only person who ever really knew him. Since then, hes made an art of hiding his sexuality from everyone. Including himself.So its a shock when his past strolls right into the Harkness College locker room, sporting a bag of hockey gear and the same slow smile that had always rendered Graham defenseless. For Graham, there is only one possible reaction total, debilitating panic. With one loose word, the teams new left wing could destroy Grahams life as he knows it.John Rikker is stuck being the new guy. Again. And its worse than usual, because the media has latched onto the story of the only out player in Division One hockey. As the satellite trucks line the sidewalk outside the rink, his new teammates are not amused.And one player in particular looks sick every time he enters the room.Rikker didnt exactly expect a warm welcome from Graham. But the guy wont even meet his eyes. From the looks of it, his former best friend  boyfriend  whatever isnt doing so well. He drinks too much and cant focus during practice.Either the two loneliest guys on the team will self destruct from all the new pressures in their lives, or they can navigate the pain to find a way back to one another. To say that it wont be easy is the Understatement of the Year.Warning unlike the other books in this series, this heartbreaking love story is about two guys. Contains sexual situations, dance music, snarky t-shirts and a poker-playing grandmother.THIS BOOK IS A STANDALONE. NO CLIFFHANGERS. NO PRIOR EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. (less)"
"Check, Please! Book 1: #Hockey",sports,2,"Helloooo, Internet Land. Bitty here!Yall... I might not be ready for this. I may be a former junior figure skating champion, vlogger extraordinaire, and very talented amateur ptissier, but being a freshman on the Samwell University hockey team is a whole new challenge. Its nothing like co-ed club hockey back in Georgia! First of all Theres checking. And then, there is Jackour very attractive but moody captain.A collection of the first half of the megapopular webcomic series of the same name, Check, Please! #Hockey is the first book of a hilarious and stirring two-volume coming-of-age story about hockey, bros, and trying to find yourself during the best four years of your life. (less)"
Catching Jordan,sports,4,"ONE OF THE BOYSWhat girl doesn't want to be surrounded by gorgeous jocks day in and day out Jordan Woods isn't just surrounded by hot guys, though-she leads them as the captain and quarterback of her high school football team. They all see her as one of the guys and that's just fine. As long as she gets her athletic scholarship to a powerhouse university.But everything she's ever worked for is threatened when Ty Green moves to her school. Not only is he an amazing QB, but he's also amazingly hot. And for the first time, Jordan's feeling vulnerable. Can she keep her head in the game while her heart's on the line (less)"
Fever Pitch,sports,5,"For many people watching football is mere entertainment, to some it's more like a ritual but to others, its highs and lows provide a narrative to life itself.For Nick Hornby, his devotion to the game has provided one of few constants in a life where the meaningful things - like growing up, leaving home, and forming relationships, both parental and romantic - have rarely been as simple or as uncomplicated as his love for Arsenal.Fever Pitch is his tribute to a lifelong obsession. Part autobiography, part comedy, part incisive analysis of insanity, Hornby's award-winning memoir captures the fever pitch of fandom  its agony and ecstasy, its community, and its defining role in thousands of young men's coming-of-age stories. Fever Pitch is one for the home team. But above all, it is one for everyone who knows what it really means to have a losing season. (less)"
Soccernomics,sports,2,"Why do England lose Why does Scotland suck Why doesnt America dominate the sport internationally... and why do the Germans play with such an efficient but robotic styleThese are questions every soccer aficionado has asked. Soccernomics answers them.Using insights and analogies from economics, statistics, psychology, and business to cast a new and entertaining light on how the game works, Soccernomics reveals the often surprisingly counter-intuitive truths about soccer. (less)"
Heated Rivalry,sports,3,"Nothing interferes with Shane Hollanders gamedefinitely not the sexy rival he loves to hate.Pro hockey star Shane Hollander isnt just crazy talented, hes got a spotless reputation. Hockey is his life. Now that hes captain of the Montreal Voyageurs, he wont let anything jeopardize that, especially the sexy Russian whose hard body keeps him awake at night.Boston Bears captain Ilya Rozanov is everything Shanes not. The self-proclaimed king of the ice, hes as cocky as he is talented. No one can beat himexcept Shane. Theyve made a career on their legendary rivalry, but when the skates come off, the heat between them is undeniable. When Ilya realizes he wants more than a few secret hookups, he knows he must walk away. The risk is too great.As their attraction intensifies, they struggle to keep their relationship out of the public eye. If the truth comes out, it could ruin them both. But when their need for each other rivals their ambition on the ice, secrecy is no longer an optionOne-click with confidence. This title is part of the Carina Press Romance Promise all the romance youre looking for with an HEAHFN. Its a promise!This book is approximately 66,000 words (less)"
A Lie for a Lie,sports,3,"From the New York Times bestselling author of the Pucked series comes a romantic comedy about instant attraction, second chances, and not-so-little white lies.Sometimes I need an escape from the demands, the puck bunnies, and the notoriety that come with being an NHL team captain. I just want to be a normal guy for a few weeks. So when I leave Chicago for some peace and quiet, the last thing I expect is for a gorgeous woman to literally fall into my lap on a flight to Alaska. Even better, she has absolutely no idea who I am.Lainey is the perfect escape from my life. My plan for seclusion becomes a monthlong sex fest punctuated with domestic bliss. But it ends just as abruptly as it began. When Im called away on a family emergency, I realize too late that I have no way to contact Lainey.A year later, a chance encounter throws Lainey and me together again. But I still have a lie hanging over my head, and Laineys keeping secrets of her own. With more than lust at stake, the truth may be our game changer. (less)"
Rookie Move,sports,3,"The first novel in a sexy new series featuring the hockey players of the Brooklyn Bruisers and the women who win their heartsfrom the USA Today bestselling author of the Ivy Years series.In high school they were the perfect coupleuntil the day Georgia left Leo in the cold...Hockey player Leo Trevi has spent the last six years trying to do two things get over the girl who broke his heart, and succeed in the NHL. But on the first day hes called up to the newly franchised Brooklyn Bruisers, Leo gets checked on both sides, first by the teams coachwho has a long simmering grudge, and then by the Bruisers sexy, icy publicisthis former girlfriend Georgia Worthington.Saying goodbye to Leo was one of the hardest things Georgia ever had to doand saying hello again isnt much easier. Georgia is determined to keep their relationship strictly professional, but when a press conference microphone catches Leo declaring his feelings for her, things get really personal, really fast.... (less)"
The Raven King,sports,4,"The Foxes are a fractured mess, but their latest disaster might be the miracle they've always needed to come together as a team. The one person standing in their way is Andrew, and the only one who can break through his personal barriers is Neil.Except Andrew doesn't give up anything for free and Neil is terrible at trusting anyone but himself. The two don't have much time to come to terms with their situation before outside forces start tearing them apart. Riko is intent on destroying Neil's fragile new life, and the Foxes have just become collateral damage.Neil's days are numbered, but he's learning the hard way to go down fighting for what he believes in, and Neil believes in Andrew even if Andrew won't believe in himself. (less)"
The King's Men,sports,4,"Neil Josten is out of time. He knew when he came to PSU he wouldn't survive the year, but with his death right around the corner he's got more reasons than ever to live.Befriending the Foxes was inadvisable. Kissing one is unthinkable. Neil should know better than to get involved with anyone this close to the end, but Andrew's never been the easiest person to walk away from. If they both say it doesn't mean anything, maybe Neil won't regret losing it, but the one person Neil can't lie to is himself.He's got promises to keep and a team to get to championships if he can just outrun Riko a little longer, but Riko's not the only monster in Neil's life. The truth might get them all killedor be Neil's one shot at getting out of this alive. (less)"
The Play,sports,2,"A brand-new standalone novel in the New York Times bestselling Briar U series!What I learned after last years distractions cost my hockey team our entire season No more screwing up. No more screwing, period. As the new team captain, I need a new philosophy hockey and school now, women later. Which means that I, Hunter Davenport, am officially going celibateno matter how hard that makes things.But theres nothing in the rulebook that says I cant be friends with a woman. And I wont liemy new classmate Demi Davis is one cool chick. Her smart mouth is hot as hell, and so is the rest of her, but the fact that shes got a boyfriend eliminates the temptation to touch her.Except three months into our friendship, Demi is single and looking for a rebound.And shes making a play for me.Avoiding her is impossible. Were paired up on a yearlong school project, but Im confident I can resist her. Wed never work, anyway. Our backgrounds are too different, our goals arent aligned, and her parents hate my guts.Hooking up is a very bad idea. Now I just have to convince my bodyand my heart. (less)"
Hands Down,sports,4,"Before he was Big Texas, he was Zac the Snack Pack.Bianca Brannen knows time--mostly--heals all wounds. Including those your once loved ones might have unintentionally given you. (Those just take longer.)She thinks shes ready when a call has her walking back into her old friends life. Or at least as prepared as possible to see the starting quarterback in the National Football Organization. Before the lights, the fans, and the millions, hed been a skinny kid with a heart of gold.Waltzing out of Zac Traviss life should be easy. Just as easy as he walked out of hers. (less)"
Taking a Shot,sports,2,"If you want to score, you have to get in the game... The last thing Jenna Riley needs is more sports in her life. While her brothers are off being athletic superstars, she's stuck running the family's sports bar, whether she likes it or not. Then in walks pro hockey stud Tyler Anderson. As much as Jenna would like to go to the boards with him, she's vowed to never fall for a jock-even one as hot as Ty.Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Ty's insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too...But first, Jenna has to figure out what she wants, what she needs, who she loves, and if she has the passion and pride to take a shot at having it all-including Ty... (less)"
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running,sports,4,"In 1982, having sold his jazz bar to devote himself to writing, Murakami began running to keep fit. A year later, he'd completed a solo course from Athens to Marathon, and now, after dozens of such races, not to mention triathlons and a dozen critically acclaimed books, he reflects upon the influence the sport has had on his life and--even more important--on his writing. Equal parts training log, travelogue, and reminiscence, this revealing memoir covers his four-month preparation for the 2005 New York City Marathon and takes us to places ranging from Tokyo's Jingu Gaien gardens, where he once shared the course with an Olympian, to the Charles River in Boston among young women who outpace him. Through this marvelous lens of sport emerges a panorama of memories and insights the eureka moment when he decided to become a writer, his greatest triumphs and disappointments, his passion for vintage LPs, and the experience, after fifty, of seeing his race times improve and then fall back. By turns funny and sobering, playful and philosophical, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is rich and revelatory, both for fans of this masterful yet guardedly private writer and for the exploding population of athletes who find similar satisfaction in distance running. (less)"
Changing the Game,sports,5,"Sports agent Liz Darnell will do anything to win back her number-one client, baseball pro Gavin Riley. And Gavin's more than ready- especially when Liz is offering herself as part of the bargain. But when love unexpectedly enters the playing field, neither Liz nor Gavin are ready for the biggest game-changer of all.(less)"
Zack,sports,4,"Rising star Zack Grantham has been stuck in a downward spiral of grief ever since the car accident that left him a single dad and put his career on hold. Back on the road with the Carolina Cold Fury and still crippled by emotional baggage, hes in need of some serious help with his son. But while the nerdy new nanny wins his sons heart, Zack isnt sure hes ready for a womans toucheven after getting a glimpse of the killer curves shes hiding under those baggy clothes.Kate Francis usually keeps men like Zack at a distance. Though his athletes body is honed to perfection, he refuses to move on with his lifeand besides, hes her boss. Still, the sparks between them are undeniable, tempting Kate to turn their professional relationship into a personal one. But before she makes a power play for Zacks wounded heart, Kate will have to open him up again and show him that love is worth the fight. (less)"
Those Guys Have All the Fun: Inside the World of ESPN,sports,3,"In the exclusive behind the scenes look, sports fans can unlock the fascinating history of the channel that changed the way people watch and interact with their favorite teams.It began, in 1979, as a mad idea of starting a cable channel to televise local sporting events throughout the state of Connecticut. Today, ESPN is arguably the most successful network in modern television history, spanning eight channels in the Unites States and around the world. But the inside story of its rise has never been fully told-until now.Drawing upon over 500 interviews with the greatest names in ESPN's history and an All-Star collection of some of the world's finest athletes, bestselling authors James Miller and Tom Shales take us behind the cameras. Now, in their own words, the men and women who made ESPN great reveal the secrets behind its success-as well as the many scandals, rivalries, off-screen battles and triumphs that have accompanied that ascent. From the unknown producers and business visionaries to the most famous faces on television, it's all here. (less)"
Jock Row,sports,1,"Scarlett is always the sensible one The sober driver. The planner. The one holding your hair back while you're worshiping the porcelain gods.Week-after-week, she visits Jock Row with her friends  the university's hottest party scene and breeding ground for student athletes. And if keeping her friends out of trouble, and guys out of their pants, was a sport, she'd be the star athlete.Being a well known jock-blocker gets her noticed for all the wrong reasons just like that, she's banned from Jock Row. NO GUY WANTS A GIRL AROUND WHO KEEPS THEIR JOCK FRIENDS FROM GETTING LAID.Rowdy Wade is the hot shot short-stop for the university's baseball team  and the unlucky bastard who drew the short straw keep little Miss Goody Two-Shoes out of the Baseball House.But week-after-week Scarlett returns, determined to get inside. (less)"
The Hot Shot,sports,5,"First we were friends. Then we were roommates. Now I want moreWhat can I say about Chess Copper The woman is capable of bringing me to my knees. I know this about five minutes after getting naked for her.No one is more surprised than me. The prickly photographer my team hired to shoot our annual charity calendar isnt my usual type. Shes defense to my offense, a challenge at every turn. But when Im with her, all the regrets and darkness goes away. She makes life fun.I want to know Chess, be close to her. Which is a bad idea.Chess is looking for a relationship. Ive never given a woman more than one night. But when fate leaves Chess without a home, I step up and offer her mine. Were roommates now. Friends without benefits. But its getting harder to keep our hands off each other. And the longer we live together the more I realize shes becoming my everything.Trick is Now that Ive made her believe Im a bad bet, how do I convince her to give this player a true shot at forever (less)"
Garrett,sports,1,"Carolina Cold Fury star Garrett Samuelson never wants to miss out on a single minute of fun. Whether hes playing hockey, hanging out with friends, or walking the red carpet with a new date on his arm, he lives every day to the fullest. When he meets Olivia Case, he sees someone whos exactly his typeconfident, sexy, smart . . . his next fling. But the more he pursues her, the more Garrett shares a side of himself that other women dont normally get to see.Olivia has been keeping a secret. While Garrett lives for the next thrill, Olivias not sure shell live to see the next day. Shes undergoing treatment for some serious medical issues, and she doesnt have time for a relationship with no guaranteesespecially one with a hot-as-sin womanizer who wont take no for an answer. But as she gets to know the real Garrett, Olivia cant help falling for him . . . hard. To reveal the truth would mean risking everythingbut you cant score without taking the tough shots. (less)"
Puck Me Secretly,sports,5,"Ive never been in love.Ive never had an orgasm, but Ive faked plenty.I want to experience love.  Real, passionate love.I dont want to die.Its funny what blurts out of your mouth when the plane youre on is going down, and I didnt hold back with my seat mate when my plane decided to crash.My hysterical confessions didnt faze the muscular stranger that sat beside me.  In fact, he promised if we survived, hed give me my first orgasm.  We survived.I came.And then he left without telling me who he was.On the first day of my job, I stood in front of the Vancouver Wolves hockey team and called out a number.  #33.Imagine my shock when he skated forward.Max is an incredible hockey player, whose wild, out-of-control antics have almost derailed his career.  So many secrets shroud his past and continue to threaten his future.  Now hes my secret.  And that secret could ruin everything.  Puck Me SECRETLY.  Some secrets are too big to keep.Intended for adult audiences only. (less)"
Summer of '49,sports,3,"With incredible skill, passion, and insight, Pulitzer Prizewinningauthor David Halberstam returns us to a glorious time when the dreams of a now almost forgotten America rested on the crack of a bat.The year was 1949, and a war-weary nation turned from the battlefields to the ball fields in search of new heroes. It was a summer that marked the beginning of a sports rivalry unequaled in the annals of athletic competition. The awesome New York Yankees and the indomitable Boston Red Sox were fighting for supremacy of baseball's American League, and an aging Joe DiMaggio and a brash, headstrong hitting phenomenon named Ted Williams led their respective teams in a classic pennant duel of almost mythic proportionsone that would be decided in an explosive head-to-head confrontation on the last day of the season. (less)"
A Lie for a Lie,sports,4,"From the New York Times bestselling author of the Pucked series comes a romantic comedy about instant attraction, second chances, and not-so-little white lies.Sometimes I need an escape from the demands, the puck bunnies, and the notoriety that come with being an NHL team captain. I just want to be a normal guy for a few weeks. So when I leave Chicago for some peace and quiet, the last thing I expect is for a gorgeous woman to literally fall into my lap on a flight to Alaska. Even better, she has absolutely no idea who I am.Lainey is the perfect escape from my life. My plan for seclusion becomes a monthlong sex fest punctuated with domestic bliss. But it ends just as abruptly as it began. When Im called away on a family emergency, I realize too late that I have no way to contact Lainey.A year later, a chance encounter throws Lainey and me together again. But I still have a lie hanging over my head, and Laineys keeping secrets of her own. With more than lust at stake, the truth may be our game changer. (less)"
Rookie Move,sports,5,"The first novel in a sexy new series featuring the hockey players of the Brooklyn Bruisers and the women who win their heartsfrom the USA Today bestselling author of the Ivy Years series.In high school they were the perfect coupleuntil the day Georgia left Leo in the cold...Hockey player Leo Trevi has spent the last six years trying to do two things get over the girl who broke his heart, and succeed in the NHL. But on the first day hes called up to the newly franchised Brooklyn Bruisers, Leo gets checked on both sides, first by the teams coachwho has a long simmering grudge, and then by the Bruisers sexy, icy publicisthis former girlfriend Georgia Worthington.Saying goodbye to Leo was one of the hardest things Georgia ever had to doand saying hello again isnt much easier. Georgia is determined to keep their relationship strictly professional, but when a press conference microphone catches Leo declaring his feelings for her, things get really personal, really fast.... (less)"
The Raven King,sports,1,"The Foxes are a fractured mess, but their latest disaster might be the miracle they've always needed to come together as a team. The one person standing in their way is Andrew, and the only one who can break through his personal barriers is Neil.Except Andrew doesn't give up anything for free and Neil is terrible at trusting anyone but himself. The two don't have much time to come to terms with their situation before outside forces start tearing them apart. Riko is intent on destroying Neil's fragile new life, and the Foxes have just become collateral damage.Neil's days are numbered, but he's learning the hard way to go down fighting for what he believes in, and Neil believes in Andrew even if Andrew won't believe in himself. (less)"
The King's Men,sports,5,"Neil Josten is out of time. He knew when he came to PSU he wouldn't survive the year, but with his death right around the corner he's got more reasons than ever to live.Befriending the Foxes was inadvisable. Kissing one is unthinkable. Neil should know better than to get involved with anyone this close to the end, but Andrew's never been the easiest person to walk away from. If they both say it doesn't mean anything, maybe Neil won't regret losing it, but the one person Neil can't lie to is himself.He's got promises to keep and a team to get to championships if he can just outrun Riko a little longer, but Riko's not the only monster in Neil's life. The truth might get them all killedor be Neil's one shot at getting out of this alive. (less)"
The Play,sports,1,"A brand-new standalone novel in the New York Times bestselling Briar U series!What I learned after last years distractions cost my hockey team our entire season No more screwing up. No more screwing, period. As the new team captain, I need a new philosophy hockey and school now, women later. Which means that I, Hunter Davenport, am officially going celibateno matter how hard that makes things.But theres nothing in the rulebook that says I cant be friends with a woman. And I wont liemy new classmate Demi Davis is one cool chick. Her smart mouth is hot as hell, and so is the rest of her, but the fact that shes got a boyfriend eliminates the temptation to touch her.Except three months into our friendship, Demi is single and looking for a rebound.And shes making a play for me.Avoiding her is impossible. Were paired up on a yearlong school project, but Im confident I can resist her. Wed never work, anyway. Our backgrounds are too different, our goals arent aligned, and her parents hate my guts.Hooking up is a very bad idea. Now I just have to convince my bodyand my heart. (less)"
Hands Down,sports,3,"Before he was Big Texas, he was Zac the Snack Pack.Bianca Brannen knows time--mostly--heals all wounds. Including those your once loved ones might have unintentionally given you. (Those just take longer.)She thinks shes ready when a call has her walking back into her old friends life. Or at least as prepared as possible to see the starting quarterback in the National Football Organization. Before the lights, the fans, and the millions, hed been a skinny kid with a heart of gold.Waltzing out of Zac Traviss life should be easy. Just as easy as he walked out of hers. (less)"
Taking a Shot,sports,3,"If you want to score, you have to get in the game... The last thing Jenna Riley needs is more sports in her life. While her brothers are off being athletic superstars, she's stuck running the family's sports bar, whether she likes it or not. Then in walks pro hockey stud Tyler Anderson. As much as Jenna would like to go to the boards with him, she's vowed to never fall for a jock-even one as hot as Ty.Ty, intrigued by the beautiful bar owner, becomes a regular. He senses that Jenna wants to do something more with her life. And as he gains her trust, the passion between them grows, as does Ty's insistence that Jenna should start living for herself. With his encouragement, Jenna starts to believe it, too...But first, Jenna has to figure out what she wants, what she needs, who she loves, and if she has the passion and pride to take a shot at having it all-including Ty... (less)"
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running,sports,3,"In 1982, having sold his jazz bar to devote himself to writing, Murakami began running to keep fit. A year later, he'd completed a solo course from Athens to Marathon, and now, after dozens of such races, not to mention triathlons and a dozen critically acclaimed books, he reflects upon the influence the sport has had on his life and--even more important--on his writing. Equal parts training log, travelogue, and reminiscence, this revealing memoir covers his four-month preparation for the 2005 New York City Marathon and takes us to places ranging from Tokyo's Jingu Gaien gardens, where he once shared the course with an Olympian, to the Charles River in Boston among young women who outpace him. Through this marvelous lens of sport emerges a panorama of memories and insights the eureka moment when he decided to become a writer, his greatest triumphs and disappointments, his passion for vintage LPs, and the experience, after fifty, of seeing his race times improve and then fall back. By turns funny and sobering, playful and philosophical, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is rich and revelatory, both for fans of this masterful yet guardedly private writer and for the exploding population of athletes who find similar satisfaction in distance running. (less)"
Changing the Game,sports,2,"Sports agent Liz Darnell will do anything to win back her number-one client, baseball pro Gavin Riley. And Gavin's more than ready- especially when Liz is offering herself as part of the bargain. But when love unexpectedly enters the playing field, neither Liz nor Gavin are ready for the biggest game-changer of all.(less)"
Zack,sports,4,"Rising star Zack Grantham has been stuck in a downward spiral of grief ever since the car accident that left him a single dad and put his career on hold. Back on the road with the Carolina Cold Fury and still crippled by emotional baggage, hes in need of some serious help with his son. But while the nerdy new nanny wins his sons heart, Zack isnt sure hes ready for a womans toucheven after getting a glimpse of the killer curves shes hiding under those baggy clothes.Kate Francis usually keeps men like Zack at a distance. Though his athletes body is honed to perfection, he refuses to move on with his lifeand besides, hes her boss. Still, the sparks between them are undeniable, tempting Kate to turn their professional relationship into a personal one. But before she makes a power play for Zacks wounded heart, Kate will have to open him up again and show him that love is worth the fight. (less)"
Those Guys Have All the Fun: Inside the World of ESPN,sports,2,"In the exclusive behind the scenes look, sports fans can unlock the fascinating history of the channel that changed the way people watch and interact with their favorite teams.It began, in 1979, as a mad idea of starting a cable channel to televise local sporting events throughout the state of Connecticut. Today, ESPN is arguably the most successful network in modern television history, spanning eight channels in the Unites States and around the world. But the inside story of its rise has never been fully told-until now.Drawing upon over 500 interviews with the greatest names in ESPN's history and an All-Star collection of some of the world's finest athletes, bestselling authors James Miller and Tom Shales take us behind the cameras. Now, in their own words, the men and women who made ESPN great reveal the secrets behind its success-as well as the many scandals, rivalries, off-screen battles and triumphs that have accompanied that ascent. From the unknown producers and business visionaries to the most famous faces on television, it's all here. (less)"
Jock Row,sports,4,"Scarlett is always the sensible one The sober driver. The planner. The one holding your hair back while you're worshiping the porcelain gods.Week-after-week, she visits Jock Row with her friends  the university's hottest party scene and breeding ground for student athletes. And if keeping her friends out of trouble, and guys out of their pants, was a sport, she'd be the star athlete.Being a well known jock-blocker gets her noticed for all the wrong reasons just like that, she's banned from Jock Row. NO GUY WANTS A GIRL AROUND WHO KEEPS THEIR JOCK FRIENDS FROM GETTING LAID.Rowdy Wade is the hot shot short-stop for the university's baseball team  and the unlucky bastard who drew the short straw keep little Miss Goody Two-Shoes out of the Baseball House.But week-after-week Scarlett returns, determined to get inside. (less)"
The Hot Shot,sports,3,"First we were friends. Then we were roommates. Now I want moreWhat can I say about Chess Copper The woman is capable of bringing me to my knees. I know this about five minutes after getting naked for her.No one is more surprised than me. The prickly photographer my team hired to shoot our annual charity calendar isnt my usual type. Shes defense to my offense, a challenge at every turn. But when Im with her, all the regrets and darkness goes away. She makes life fun.I want to know Chess, be close to her. Which is a bad idea.Chess is looking for a relationship. Ive never given a woman more than one night. But when fate leaves Chess without a home, I step up and offer her mine. Were roommates now. Friends without benefits. But its getting harder to keep our hands off each other. And the longer we live together the more I realize shes becoming my everything.Trick is Now that Ive made her believe Im a bad bet, how do I convince her to give this player a true shot at forever (less)"
Garrett,sports,2,"Carolina Cold Fury star Garrett Samuelson never wants to miss out on a single minute of fun. Whether hes playing hockey, hanging out with friends, or walking the red carpet with a new date on his arm, he lives every day to the fullest. When he meets Olivia Case, he sees someone whos exactly his typeconfident, sexy, smart . . . his next fling. But the more he pursues her, the more Garrett shares a side of himself that other women dont normally get to see.Olivia has been keeping a secret. While Garrett lives for the next thrill, Olivias not sure shell live to see the next day. Shes undergoing treatment for some serious medical issues, and she doesnt have time for a relationship with no guaranteesespecially one with a hot-as-sin womanizer who wont take no for an answer. But as she gets to know the real Garrett, Olivia cant help falling for him . . . hard. To reveal the truth would mean risking everythingbut you cant score without taking the tough shots. (less)"
Puck Me Secretly,sports,5,"Ive never been in love.Ive never had an orgasm, but Ive faked plenty.I want to experience love.  Real, passionate love.I dont want to die.Its funny what blurts out of your mouth when the plane youre on is going down, and I didnt hold back with my seat mate when my plane decided to crash.My hysterical confessions didnt faze the muscular stranger that sat beside me.  In fact, he promised if we survived, hed give me my first orgasm.  We survived.I came.And then he left without telling me who he was.On the first day of my job, I stood in front of the Vancouver Wolves hockey team and called out a number.  #33.Imagine my shock when he skated forward.Max is an incredible hockey player, whose wild, out-of-control antics have almost derailed his career.  So many secrets shroud his past and continue to threaten his future.  Now hes my secret.  And that secret could ruin everything.  Puck Me SECRETLY.  Some secrets are too big to keep.Intended for adult audiences only. (less)"
Summer of '49,sports,4,"With incredible skill, passion, and insight, Pulitzer Prizewinningauthor David Halberstam returns us to a glorious time when the dreams of a now almost forgotten America rested on the crack of a bat.The year was 1949, and a war-weary nation turned from the battlefields to the ball fields in search of new heroes. It was a summer that marked the beginning of a sports rivalry unequaled in the annals of athletic competition. The awesome New York Yankees and the indomitable Boston Red Sox were fighting for supremacy of baseball's American League, and an aging Joe DiMaggio and a brash, headstrong hitting phenomenon named Ted Williams led their respective teams in a classic pennant duel of almost mythic proportionsone that would be decided in an explosive head-to-head confrontation on the last day of the season. (less)"
The Sports Gene: Inside the Science of Extraordinary Athletic Performance,sports,1,"Now a New York Times Bestseller! With a new chapter added to the paperback. In high school, I wondered whether the Jamaican Americans who made our track team so successful might carry some special speed gene from their tiny island. In college, I ran against Kenyans, and wondered whether endurance genes might have traveled with them from East Africa. At the same time, I began to notice that a training group on my team could consist of five men who run next to one another, stride for stride, day after day, and nonetheless turn out five entirely different runners. How could this beWe all knew a star athlete in high school. The one who made it look so easy. He was the starting quarterback and shortstop she was the all-state point guard and high-jumper. Naturals. Or were theyThe debate is as old as physical competition. Are stars like Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps, and Serena Williams genetic freaks put on Earth to dominate their respective sports Or are they simply normal people who overcame their biological limits through sheer force of will and obsessive trainingThe truth is far messier than a simple dichotomy between nature and nurture. In the decade since the sequencing of the human genome, researchers have slowly begun to uncover how the relationship between biological endowments and a competitors training environment affects athleticism. Sports scientists have gradually entered the era of modern genetic research.In this controversial and engaging exploration of athletic success, Sports Illustrated senior writer David Epstein tackles the great nature vs. nurture debate and traces how far science has come in solving this great riddle. He investigates the so-called 10,000-hour rule to uncover whether rigorous and consistent practice from a young age is the only route to athletic excellence.Along the way, Epstein dispels many of our perceptions about why top athletes excel. He shows why some skills that we assume are innate, like the bullet-fast reactions of a baseball or cricket batter, are not, and why other characteristics that we assume are entirely voluntary, like an athletes will to train, might in fact have important genetic components.This subject necessarily involves digging deep into sensitive topics like race and gender. Epstein explores controversial questions such asAre black athletes genetically predetermined to dominate both sprinting and distance running, and are their abilities influenced by Africas geographyAre there genetic reasons to separate male and female athletes in competitionShould we test the genes of young children to determine if they are destined for stardomCan genetic testing determine who is at risk of injury, brain damage, or even death on the fieldThrough on-the-ground reporting from below the equator and above the Arctic Circle, revealing conversations with leading scientists and Olympic champions, and interviews with athletes who have rare genetic mutations or physical traits, Epstein forces us to rethink the very nature of athleticism.  (less)"
Nobody's Baby But Mine,sports,3,"Librarian Note There is an Alternate Cover Edition for this edition of this book here.Genius physics professor Dr. Jane Darlington desperately wants a baby. But finding a father wont be easy. Janes super-intelligence made her feel like a freak when she was growing up, and shes determined to spare her own child that suffering. Which means she must find someone very special to father her child. Someone whos more comfortable working out his muscles than exercising his brain.Cal Bonner, the Chicago Stars legendary quarterback, seems like the perfect choice. But his champion good looks and down-home ways are deceiving. Dr. Jane is about to learn a little too late that this good ol boy is a lot smarter than he lets onand hes not about to be used and abandoned by a brainy, baby-mad schemer. (less)"
The Hardest Fall,sports,3,"The first time you meet someone, you make eye contact. You smile, say hello. Should be simple, if youre anyone but me. The first time I met Dylan Reed, I found myself making eye contact with a different part of his body. You see, Im very good at being shy, not to mention extremely well-versed in rambling nonsense and, unfortunately, rather highly skilled at making a fool of myself in front of a guy Im attracted to.At the time, I knew nothing about him and thought none of what I said would matter since Id never speak to him again. Turns out, I was very wrong. He was the star wide receiver of the football team, one of the few players expected to make it into the NFL, and I ended up seeing him all over campus.I might have also propositioned him, run away from him, attacked him with a cooking utensilanduh, maybe I shouldnt tell you all of it. Its pretty normal stuff, things youd expectfrom me. Eventually, the time came when I couldnt hide anymorenot that hed have let me even if I tried.Before now, he never knew I was secretly watching him. Now that we see each other every day, he knows when I have a hard time looking away. It doesnt help that Im not the most subtle person in the world either.He smiles at me and tells me he finds me fascinating because of my quirks. I cant even tell him that I think my heart beats differently whenever hes around.He thinks were going to be best friends. I think I have a big thing for him, and the more I get to know him, the more I dont care that Im not allowed to be his friend, let alone fall for him.The thing is, thats exactly what Im doingwhat were doing, I think.Falling.Hard. (less)"
Booked,sports,3,"National Book Award Long ListNew York Times Bestseller Like lightningyou strikefast and freelegs zoomdown fieldeyes fixedon the checkered ballon the goalten yards to gocant nobody stop youcant nobody cop youIn this follow-up to the Newbery-winning novel THE CROSSOVER,  soccer, family, love, and friendship, take center stage as twelve-year-old Nick learns the power of words as he wrestles with problems at home, stands up to a bully, and tries to impress the girl of his dreams. Helping him along are his best friend and sometimes teammate Coby, and The Mac, a rapping librarian who gives Nick inspiring books to read.  This electric and heartfelt novel-in-verse by poet Kwame Alexander bends and breaks as it captures all the thrills and setbacks, action and emotion of a World Cup match! (less)"
Wrecking Ball,sports,3,"An older version of this ASIN can be found hereCam DeSantis life is a mess. How else would you describe losing your husband, your job, and your money all at once Desperate times call for desperate measures. So when salvation comes in the form of one intolerable jerk, she has no choice but to accept his offer as a nanny for his eight year old nephew. Now all she has to do is find a way to ignore him for the next three months. Which is easier said than done.NFL quarterback Calvin Shaw has zero interest in women. Its not that he doesnt like women. In fact, he loves women. He just doesnt want anything to do with them. What he needs to do is focus on winning another Super Bowl before he retires. Problem is, the woman living in his house is a major distraction. And he doesnt know whats worse, that he promised to be civil, or that hes attracted to her.Best laid plans are going to get wrecked when a reclusive football star is forced to live with a reluctant nanny. (less)"
"Dream Team: How Michael, Magic, Larry, Charles, and the Greatest Team of All Time Conquered the World and Changed the Game of Basketball Forever",sports,1,"They were the Beatles of basketball, the Mercury Seven in sneakers. In Dream Team, acclaimed sports journalist Jack McCallum delivers the untold story of the greatest team ever assembled the 1992 U.S. Olympic Mens Basketball Team that captivated the world, kindled the hoop dreams of countless children around the planet, and remade the NBA into a global sensation. As a senior staff writer for Sports Illustrated, McCallum enjoyed a courtside seat for the most exciting basketball spectacle on earth, covering the Dream Team from its inception to the gold medal ceremony in Barcelona. For the duration of the Olympics, he lived with, golfed with, andmost importantdrank with some of the greatest players of the NBAs Golden Age Magic Johnson, the ebullient showman who shrugged off his recent diagnosis of HIV to become the teams unquestioned captain and leader Michael Jordan, the transcendent talent at the height of his powers as a playerand a marketing juggernaut and Charles Barkley, the outspoken iconoclast whose utterances on and off the court threatened to ignite an international incident. Presiding over the entire traveling circus was the Dream Teams beloved coach, Chuck Daly, whose laissez-faire approach proved instrumental in getting the most out of such disparate personalities and superstars such as Larry Bird, Patrick Ewing, and Scottie Pippen. Drawing on fresh interviews with the players, McCallum provides the definitive account of the Dream Team phenomenon. He offers a behind-the-scenes look at the controversial selection process. He takes us inside the teams Olympic suites for late-night card games and bull sessions where the players debate both the finer points of basketball and their respective places in the NBA pantheon. And he narrates a riveting possession-by-possession account of the legendary July 1992 intrasquad scrimmage that pitted the Dream Teamers against one another in what may have been the greatest pickup gameand the greatest exhibition of trash talkin history. In the twenty years since the Dream Team first captivated the worlds attention, its mystique has only grownand so has its influence. The NBA is now flush with international stars, many of them inspired by the exuberant spirit of 92. Dream Team vividly re-creates the moment when a once-in-a-millennium group of athletes came together, outperformed the hype, and changed the future of sportsone perfectly executed fast break at a time. The Dream Team was . . . Michael Jordan, Guard, Chicago BullsMagic Johnson, Guard, Los Angeles LakersLarry Bird, Forward, Boston CelticsCharles Barkley, Forward, Phoenix SunsChris Mullin, Forward, Golden State WarriorsScottie Pippen, Forward, Chicago BullsJohn Stockton, Guard, Utah JazzKarl Malone, Forward, Utah JazzDavid Robinson, Center, San Antonio SpursPatrick Ewing, Center, New York KnicksChristian Laettner, Forward, Duke UniversityClyde Drexler, Guard, Portland Trailblazers (less)"
I Dare You,sports,4,"Wall Street Journal bestselling author Ilsa Madden-Mills kicks off a brand-new, sexy, heartfelt contemporary romance series with I DARE YOU!Badass Athlete I dare you toDelaney Shaw Who is thisThe late night text is random, but Badass Athlete sure seems to know who she isDelaney Shaw.Good girl.Lover of fluffy kitties and Star Wars.Curious.His dare Spend one night in his beda night he promises will be unforgettableand she can solve the mystery of who he is.She knows she shouldn't, but what else is she going to do with her boring Valentine's DayOne sexy hook-up later, her mind is blown and the secret's out.Maverick Monroe.Bad boy.The most talented football player in the country.Just ask him.Too bad for him Delaney's sworn off dating athletes forever after her last heartbreak.But Maverick wants more than one night and refuses to give up on winning Delaneys heart. She isnt one to be fazed by a set of broad shoulders.Will the bad boy land the nerd girl or will the secrets they keep from each other separate them forever (less)"
The Player and the Pixie,sports,5,"Now a USA TODAY BESTSELLERHow can someone so smokin hot be so bad in bed I mean, Sean Cassidy is absolute rubbish. RUBBISH. He is the epitome of walking, talking false advertising and I want a refund! Plus hes an arsehole. So what is wrong with me that I cant stop thinking about himTHE PIXIELucy Fitzpatrick doesnt like rugby.As the little sister of Irelands most infamous rugby player, Lucy cant seem to escape the championship-sized shadow cast by her big brother, or her mothers frequent attempts to micromanage her future. Her rainbow hair is as free-spirited as her quest for inner peace, yet overbearing expectations keep bringing her down. And when shes down, her compulsive little problem lands her in seriously big trouble.THE PLAYERSean Cassidy is a cold-hearted brute or so hes been told. Frequently. By everyone.His blonde locks, baby blues, and rock hard bod make ladies the world over drool with desire. As the rugby worlds second most infamous player, he should be basking in his success. But Sean has never been content settling for second place, and his frequent confrontations with Lucys big brother leave him cold. And when hes cold, his compulsive little problem lands him in the lap of Lucy Fitzpatrick.THE PLANSean has a problem only Lucy can solve. Lucy has a problem only Sean can fix. The solution seems obvious you scratch my back, and Ill bail you out of jail. But when their business arrangement unexpectedly leaves Sean scorching hot and Lucy on the precipice of inner peace, can they convince the worldand Lucys big brother in particularthat this is the real dealEither way, both the Player and the Pixie are about to teach each other some pretty monumental lessons about family, life, but most importantly, love. (less)"
Pucked Up,sports,3,"Miller Buck Butterson has been banging his way through life ever since a puck to the face fixed his messed up front teeth, and he was drafted into the NHL during his first year of college. After five years of deflecting goals on the ice and scoring them with puck bunnies across the Continental US and parts of Canada, Miller is ready for a girlfriend. A real girlfriend of the non-bunny variety. One he takes on dates and doesnt jump into bed with after five seconds of conversation.Miller thinks hes found that woman in his teammates sister. Except, unlike Alex Waters, center, team captain and all round nice guywho happens to be dating his step-sisterMillers manwhore reputation is well earned, and not blown out of proportion by the media. Beyond that minor detail, Miller doesnt know the first thing about having a girlfriend. But hes determined to make it happen.What he doesnt take into account is the amount of time and effort relationships require, or that constantly letting bunnies take selfies with him to post all over social media isnt going to win him any points in the boyfriend department. Miller learnsnot so quicklythat if he wants to make Sunshine Sunny Waters fall for him, he going to have to do a whole lot more than show her his stick skills in the bedroom.Length 11 hours and 18 minutes (less)"
Stay,sports,4,"Can you fall in love with someone you've never even metHailey Taylor Emery has a hunch that her favorite client at Fetchan anonymous virtual assistant serviceis actually hockey star Matt Eriksson.Although it's against the rules for her to check his file, she's 95 sure she spends at least part of each day texting with her lifelong crush and catering to his every need. Still nursing a wounded heart thanks to her recent breakup, Hailey is perfectly content with some harmless online flirting... until she has to meet her client. Face to face. Cue utter panic.Matt Eriksson is no stranger to heartbreak. He's still not over the destruction of his marriage, and it sucks to be the only guy on the team who knows the truththat hockey and long-term relationships are a toxic mix. He barely sees his kids, and dealing with his ex makes him feel insane. The only person in his life who seems to understand is someone who won't show her pretty face.But it's nothing that a pair of fourth row hockey seats can't fix. Hailey can't resist the offer. Matt can't resist Hailey. Good thing he doesn't have to. Fire up the kiss cam!Warning Contains rabid hockey fans, misunderstood dick pics, hockey players at the opera and exploding ovaries. (less)"
When the Game Was Ours,sports,1,"From the moment these two players took the court on opposing sides, they engaged in a fierce physical and psychological battle. Their uncommonly competitive relationship came to symbolize the most compelling rivalry in the NBA. These were the basketball epics of the 1980s--Celtics vs Lakers, East vs West, physical vs finesse, Old School vs Showtime, even white vs black. Each pushed the other to greatness--together Bird and Johnson collected 8 NBA Championships, and 6 MVP awards and helped save the floundering NBA at its most critical time. When it started they were bitter rivals, but along the way they became lifelong friends.With intimate, fly-on-the-wall detail, When the Game Was Ours transports readers to this electric era of basketball and reveals for the first time the inner workings of two players dead set on besting one another. From the heady days of trading championships to the darker days of injury and illness, we come to understand Larry's obsessive devotion to winning and how his demons drove him on the court. We hear him talk with candor about playing through chronic pain and its truly exacting toll. In Magic we see a young, invincible star struggle with the sting of defeat, not just as a player but as a team leader. We are there the moment he learns he's contracted HIV and hear in his own words how that devastating news impacted his relationships in basketball and beyond. But always, in both cases, we see them prevail.A compelling, up-close-and-personal portrait of basketball's most inimitable duo, When the Game Was Ours is a reevaluation of three decades in counterpoint. It is also a rollicking ride through professional basketball's best times. (less)"
Shoeless Joe,sports,3,"If you build it, he will come.These mysterious words inspire Ray Kinsella to create a cornfield baseball diamond in honor of his hero, Shoeless Joe Jackson. What follows is a rich, nostalgic look at one of our most cherished national pastimes and a remarkable story about fathers and sons, love and family, and the inimitable joy of finding your way home."
The Breaks of the Game,sports,2,"Among the best books ever written on professional basketball. The Philadelphia InquirerDavid Halberstam, best-selling author of THE FIFTIES and THE BEST AND THE BRIGHTEST, turns his keen reporter's eye on the sport of basketball -- the players and the coaches, the long road trips, what happens on court, in front of television cameras, and off-court, where no eyes have followed -- until now. (less)"
Eight Men Out: The Black Sox and the 1919 World Series,sports,1,"The headlines proclaimed the 1919 fix of the World Series and attempted cover-up as the most gigantic sporting swindle in the history of America! First published in 1963, Eight Men Out has become a timeless classic. Eliot Asinof has reconstructed the entire scene-by-scene story of the fantastic scandal in which eight Chicago White Sox players arranged with the nation's leading gamblers to throw the Series in Cincinnati. Mr. Asinof vividly describes the tense meetings, the hitches in the conniving, the actual plays in which the Series was thrown, the Grand Jury indictment, and the famous 1921 trial. Moving behind the scenes, he perceptively examines the motives and backgrounds of the players and the conditions that made the improbable fix all too possible. Here, too, is a graphic picture of the American underworld that managed the fix, the deeply shocked newspapermen who uncovered the story, and the war-exhausted nation that turned with relief and pride to the Series, only to be rocked by the scandal. Far more than a superbly told baseball story, this is a compelling slice of American history in the aftermath of World War I and at the cusp of the Roaring Twenties. (less)"
Calico Joe,sports,1,"A surprising and moving novel of fathers and sons, forgiveness and redemption, set in the world of Major League Baseball.Whatever happened to Calico JoeWhen he arrived in Philadelphia, a cab delivered him to Veterans Stadium, where he was quickly fixed for a uniform, given Number 42, and hustled onto the field. The Cubs were already taking batting practice. Understandably, he was nervous, thrilled, almost bewildered, and when the manager, Whitey Lockman, said, Get loose. You're starting at first and hitting seventh, Joe Castle had trouble gripping his brand-new bat. In his first round of major-league batting practice, he swung at the first two pitches and missed.He would not miss again for a long time.In the summer of 1973 Joe Castle was the boy wonder of baseball, the greatest rookie anyone had ever seen. The kid from Calico Rock, Arkansas, dazzled Cub fans as he hit home run after home run, politely tipping his hat to the crowd as he shattered all rookie records.Calico Joe quickly became the idol of every baseball fan in America, including Paul Tracey, the young son of a hard-partying and hard-throwing Mets pitcher. On the day that Warren Tracey finally faced Calico Joe, Paul was in the stands, rooting for his idol but also for his dad. Then Warren threw a fastball that would change their lives forever.In John Grishams new novel the baseball is thrilling, but its what happens off the field that makes Calico Joe a classic. (less)"
Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of Nike,sports,5,"In this candid and riveting memoir, for the first time ever, Nike founder and CEO Phil Knight shares the inside story of the companys early days as an intrepid start-up and its evolution into one of the worlds most iconic, game-changing, and profitable brands.In 1962, fresh out of business school, Phil Knight borrowed 50 from his father and created a company with a simple mission import high-quality, low-cost athletic shoes from Japan. Selling the shoes from the trunk of his lime green Plymouth Valiant, Knight grossed 8,000 his first year. Today, Nikes annual sales top 30 billion. In an age of startups, Nike is the ne plus ultra of all startups, and the swoosh has become a revolutionary, globe-spanning icon, one of the most ubiquitous and recognizable symbols in the world today.But Knight, the man behind the swoosh, has always remained a mystery. Now, for the first time, in a memoir that is candid, humble, gutsy, and wry, he tells his story, beginning with his crossroads moment. At 24, after backpacking around the world, he decided to take the unconventional path, to start his own businessa business that would be dynamic, different.Knight details the many risks and daunting setbacks that stood between him and his dreamalong with his early triumphs. Above all, he recalls the formative relationships with his first partners and employees, a ragtag group of misfits and seekers who became a tight-knit band of brothers. Together, harnessing the transcendent power of a shared mission, and a deep belief in the spirit of sport, they built a brand that changed everything. (less)"
Ryker,sports,3,"The rugged men of the Carolina Cold Fury hockey team are winning hearts once again in another scorching novel from New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett.The stakes have never been higher for Carolina Cold Fury goalie Ryker Evans. With his contract running out, hes got a year left to prove hes still at the top of his game. And since his wife left him, Ryker has been balancing life as a pro-hockey star and a single parent to two daughters. Management is waiting for him to screw up. The fans are ready to pounce. Everybodys taking dirty shotsexcept for the fiery redhead whose faith in Ryker gives him a fresh start.As the leagues only female general manager, Gray Brannon has learned not to mix business with pleasure. And yet even this tough, talented career woman cant help breaking her own rules as she gives Ryker everything shes got. She hopes their hot streak will last forever, but with Rykers conniving ex plotting to reclaim her man, the pressures on Gray to step up and save a tender new love before its too late. (less)"
Brooklynaire,sports,2,"A sexy new standalone from USA Today bestseller Sarina Bowen.Youd think a billion dollars, a professional hockey team and a six-bedroom mansion on the Promenade would satisfy a guy. Youd be wrong.For seven years Rebecca has brightened my office with her wit and her smile. She manages both my hockey team and my sanity. I dont know when I started waking in the night, craving her. All I know is that one whiff of her perfume ruins my concentration. And her laugh makes me hard.When Rebecca gets hurt, I step in to help. Its what friends do. But what friends dont do is rip off each others clothes for a single, wild night together.Now shes avoiding me. She says were too different, and it can never happen again. So why cant we keep our hands off each other (less)"
